In his youth, Josiah was a medic for the military in a distant kingdom that was engaged in a drawn out conflict with another kingdom, but he never saw the frontline or any battles. His duty was to help with the clerics in preparing non-magical potions for light injuries in order that those with more magic than him could focus on the more serious injuries. After several years of seeing the wounded of what he considered a pointless, if not endless, war, he finally decided to abandon his post. He traveled the expansive plains, mountains, and endless forests, surviving on the supplies he stole before he left and some food that he was able to forage along the way. After many months without seeing another soul, a fierce winter storm forced him to take shelter in a cave that he found. Severely exhausted from his wanderings in the storm, Josiah was barely able to unroll his bedroll before he passed out. The next morning he awoke to see that the snowstorm had blocked the entrance to the cave. After his initial panic of being snowed in, he noticed that he could still see despite the lack of a fire. From deeper in the cave, strange wavering light and unnatural warmth emanated. With great reluctance, Josiah packed up his bedding and took up his sword and set off to find the source of this anomaly. After about an hour of cautious walking, the light grown bright enough to see clearly and the warmth had become a quite noticeable heat since Josiah had worked up a sweat. After one last bend, the light had grown almost blinding, but before Josiah was an unwavering black shadow. The impossible shadow stretched from wall to wall and from ground to ceiling of the cave. There was no way to see beyond it, and yet this blackness was the source of the light. Josiah stood in awe of this manifestation, the sword loose in his untrained hand. Waves of heat washed over him for what seemed like hours before he regained his senses. Tentatively he reached out with the broadsword to touch try to touch the shadow. The blade passed through the darkness without incident, so emboldened by this, Josiah stepped into the shadow, only to be enveloped by the black. Instantly, a searing pain erupted from all over his body as though he had just walked through fire. Falling to his knees, he tried to breathe, but every ragged gasp only brought greater burning to his mouth and lungs. Dropping his sword, he doubled over in pain. He knew that this would be the place of his death. Looking up one final time, he saw before him a vast wasteland under the darkened sky of an eclipse, but then he was taken again by the pain. His screams only added to those of the other souls trapped here in this hell. In the distance a lone figure that stands out against the demonic background moved slowly towards Josiah’s body. Josiah awoke to the sun’s bright light shining into his eyes. Sitting up in a fright, he felt a horrible pain in his left shoulder. Looking at it, he saw that a pale blue ribbon had been wound around his shoulder like a bandage which he quickly unwound to find a nasty, red symbol branded into his skin. After rewrapping the ribbon, he realized not only that he was back in his bedroll in the mouth of the cave from the night before, but also that he could hear the songs of robins from the trees outside. Confused, now more than ever, he hesitantly packed up his belongings. When Josiah went to grab his sword, he saw that it was gone, but had been replaced by a yew branch that had been fashioned into a quarterstaff. On the top of this staff, a different symbol had been carved—a perfect circle containing a curved line and an upturned crescent. Next to the staff, four flasks stood with matching symbols marked on their stoppers. Taking the flasks and the staff, Josiah ventured cautiously out into the spring day to continue his travels which would eventually lead him to the Stolen Lands. Each night before he went to sleep, he instinctively knew to take a sip of the potion contained in the flasks. Just as he arrived in Oleg’s trading post, he ran out of the potion, but strangely enough, he realized he knew how to brew another batch. In Serenity: Quinnlea Ryan was raised by her father after her mother left them. Her father was an alcoholic former cargo pilot who would try to use Quinn as his "wingman." She enjoyed any time with her otherwise inattentive dad, so that sort of became her idea of quality time. Quinn wanted to be just like her dad, of course. She learned to fly the same ship her father used to. Flying became her passion, and she took up all sorts of piloting, including racing land vehicles. She fell into the "wrong crowd," finding she was nearly unbeatable and could make a lot of money from racing. The gang that ran the races also ran a thriving kidnapping and human trafficking circle. Quinn fell in with this gang, smuggling various things for them over the years. When she finally wanted out, the gang offered her a "final deal." She must kidnap a major politician's daughter for ransom; getting her out of atmo while the deal was made. She half-botched the kidnapping and was seen by some servants in the house before she made it out. She was mildly infamous by then for her many petty crimes, and easy to identify. She made it out of atmo with the girl and made the exchange to another ship, finishing her deal with the gang. When the gang met with the father to make the exchange, police were there and a firefight broke out, killing the girl in the crossfire. Since they could not trace the gang members who delivered the girl back to the head of the gang, the father targeted Quinn instead. Quinn fled the planet and lived off of smuggling, stealing, and racing until she was discovered by the crew in the campaign. She wanted direction and purpose in her life beyond thieving and living day to day. Eventually she joined the brown coat resistance with her crew. His parents died of a fever when he was 11, leaving him to live in the streets of Waterdeep on his own. A local gang took over his parents house forcing him out on the street. He managed to survive by picking pockets and stealing from local vendors. Eventually broke into the hovel of Draeken Malios, a once famous actor/bard/adventurer in a well known theater troupe who was now slowly drinking himself to death. Seeing potential in the boy, Draeken made a deal; he would teach the boy everything he knew; how to read, use a sword, play an instrument, and use costumes and misdirection in exchange for keeping him in the drink. The arrangement suited Shifty, who would spend the morning "working" out on the streets, and return to the hovel in the afternoon for his lessons. This went on for five years, until one day Shifty returned to Draeken only to find him beaten to death and the hovel turned out. Some street thugs had heard who Draeken was and thought that he must have some valuables lying around so they broke into the place and worked him over pretty good trying to find out where he was hiding it. They didn't find anything, and Draeken didn't survive. Shifty spent the next week hunting the thugs down and murdered each one. The first was killed when he pushed him off of the docks with an anchor tied around his foot. The second was dragged along the cobblestone streets of the city behind a horse drawn carriage. The last one, the ring leader was killed when he tried to flee the city. Shifty tracked him down, overpowered him, and then dropped him down the entrance of a shaft leading into the ruins of Undermountain with just a torch. He didn't last long, because Shifty could hear his screams after a few minutes, and the sounds of whatever monsters live down there gorging themselves on his flesh. At the ripe age of 18, Shifty left Waterdeep to seek his fortune. Since then he has run afoul of almost every criminal organization on the Sword Coast, and prides himself on being Faerun's only "professional nuisance". Raf had pulled the cloth tunic from of the raiders, and used it to clean his axe as he walked out of their camp. Whether it was the blood of the raider he took the tunic from, or the blood of one of his companions, Raf did not know. He found it hard to keep track of such things when the heat of battle took him. In any event, the raiders were dead, and he had scavenged through their goods, taking anything that could ensure his survival out in this blasted land. Raf did his best to provide for himself without the need for such interaction, but there were times that even the most experienced wanderer struggled to live in the heat of the desert. He checked the sun and continued through the desert on his way to Tyr. “The strong survive; the weak die.” His mother had taught him that when he was still very young. They had been lucky enough to be enslaved together, along with Raf’s father. His parents were thought to be excellent breeding stock, and were kept to hopefully create more worthy specimens such as Raf, who was taller and stronger than other Muls his age. His father fought in the gladiator pits, while he and his mother labored away in Tyr’s iron mines. His father was no champion, however, and before Raf watched the last of his lifeblood seep out onto the arena floor, his mother taught him the most important lesson of his young life. “The strong survive; the weak die.” With his father gone, Raf and his mother were then sold to many different slavers. His mother was used to populate the ranks of many a slave owner in Tyr. They were never owned by one master for too long; Raf’s mother would give birth to a child or two, and then they would be sold and moved to a new slaver. Other times she would not even bear child, but instead be used for company for the foreman and his crew before being sold again. Raf was always sent along as an example of her stock, as with age he grew tall and strong, and came to be handy with axe and pick, with spade and shovel. With each new owner came a new tattoo, a new brand marking Raf as someone else’s property. He did not know how many years he had lived in the blistering heat of Athas, but by the time he reached the height of a man, he had been marked by 37 different slave masters; his mother had more marks than he could count. His most recent marking was a design running up his neck, across the right side of his face, and spreading onto his bald pate like a creeper vine searching out a source of moisture in the desert. This was the sign of the slaver Irikat, and his would be the last mark that Raf would take. Raf and his mother had been owned by Irikat for a number of moons by the time she was given to the foreman. She had been matched with three of his best Mul workers, and all three of them had produced shriveled, still babies delivered far too early for their time. Irikat deemed that Raf’s mother was no longer of any worth to him as a breeder. He gave her to his foreman Gaffon and his men to do with as they pleased. Gaffon was a brute of a man, and many thought that if he wasn’t a half-giant himself, he certainly had it in his lineage. A thick white scar ran across his chest, and it continued up and through the socket where his left eye used to be. He was a brutal man, and when Raf’s mother refused to take him as a lover, he found enjoyment from her in other ways. What was left, he fed to his dogs. “The strong survive; the weak die.” Raf did not shed any tears for his mother, for such was the life of a slave on Athas. However, he never forgot Irikat or Gaffon, or the screams his mother made before Gaffon finally tore out her throat. With her gone, Irikat had no need to keep Raf as an example of her breeding line. He was quickly sold to another slaver, but instead of working in the mines as he had done all his life, Raf was to become a fighter in the pits. He had fought before, either in clashes with other slaves, or defending his master’s property from bandit raids. He had some skill with an axe, but he knew that the experienced fighters in the pits would likely quickly turn him into just another pile of meat, as they had his father long ago. So, Raf and a number of other slaves that were destined for the pits were rounded up and placed into cages for the caravan to their new master. Gaffon sent a few of his best men, as a trip delivering slaves to the pits meant a chance to revel in the bloodshed, and mayhap make a few coins gambling on the matches yourself. They were also there to look after Gaffon’s son Jadik, who was nearing his manhood and wanted to see the gladiatorial battles for himself. None of this was to come to pass, however, for one night when they made camp they were set upon by a band of raiders. Raf and the other slaves were quickly freed and provided arms, and instructed to defend the caravan with their lives as they had been expected to do previously. The raiders were particularly fierce, however, and many slaves and slavers both died at their hands. Raf lost himself in the carnage; soon it didn’t seem to matter at whom his axe was aimed, as long as it bit deep and found bone. During the fighting, he came upon Jadik hiding alone by the rear of the caravan. He smiled as he split Gaffon’s son in two in front of his men. It would not bring his mother peace, but it did serve to quench a desire smoldering deep in Raf’s soul. As the battle began to turn and the raiders started to flee, Raf knew he too had to flee into the desert. Too many of Gaffon’s men still lived, and to stay meant certain death. The desert offered only a slightly better chance of survival, but it was one he had to take. His mother had taught him that the strong survive, and Raf was determined to be strong. At first, his strength was tested daily, even hourly by the perils of the desert. He had only stopped to scavenge the most basic of goods from a few of the dead raiders when he fled the caravan, so he had to work to find food, water, and shelter in the arid wastes. But over a period of many, many moons, Raf walked the earth, and as he did, the desert taught him how to be strong. He learned how to endure the heat, how to hunt the creatures that made that hell their home, and how to fend off parties of wildmen and raiders. His journey took him all throughout the Tablelands, and he visited many of the places where people attempted to carve out a life for themselves in that barren land. It was at his last visit to a small village outside Balic that he heard the news from Tyr. King Kalak was dead and the new king had freed the slaves. Raf had figured that this might be a perfect time to pay a visit to old acquaintances. So he had started walking. If those he knew when he was still a slave had fled the city, so be it. He was sure there was coin to be had for him in Tyr. For Raf was strong, and as he knew well, the strong survive. And the weak? Well, Raf had a pretty good idea about what he would do to the weak. This young man is in his early twenties, sporting a short beard and grey eyes. A trace of a thin scar is evident on his left cheek. We is wearing green-dyed leather armor, black belt and high boots and has a short sword hung from his baldric. “Tate” grew up near the village of Werth, not too far from the capitol. He’s fairly educated and came from a good family, although he’s had a taste for getting himself in over his head as a child. His Uncle Norhan told him stories of adventures and such, which got him “curious” about seeking fame and fortune. When he was fifteen, he decided to explore the Blightwood Forest near his home, where he was grazed on his left cheek by a small bear. Since then he’s slowed down “a little” in his ways as part of the town militia, if there’s something exciting to do and he gets wind of it, he’ll definitely pitch in. Now in his twenties, he’s a bit more respectful towards the wild. He doesn’t like being called Tatelyn, his given name – and is first to correct someone using it, except his parents. In his belt pouch, he carries a locket he found with a drawing of a rather attractive young girl and the word “Anna” in styled calligraphy. Perhaps he can find out who she is, who knows. Tarmasis, the black dragonborn, didn't know his parents, he was abandoned at birth, thrown in to the Underchasm. Somehow he survived the perilous terrain with no memories before the age of six, when he left his unforgiving nightmare of a dark and twisted home. From what he can recall, his childhood was spent secluded in the plaguelands, hiding from hideous mutated creatures and forgotten pilgrims, occasionally finding the comfort of food and drink in the small city of Ormpetarr. The years melted away as the dragonborn grew in power with his dedication to survive the horrid lands; all that were familiar to him. This natural tenant to explore places unfit for most people, lead him deep in to a soft glowing cave of blue light. Before him, illuminated by cerulean glow, yet hidden in shadow, an entity of unimaginable horror. Paralyzed by fear, he stared down the demon, the unknown depths of his mind tapping in to insanity with every lingering second...until darkness. Tarmasis opened his eyes. Thundering flames soured past his vision, malevolent winged beings flocked over sharp red peaks on the horizon. He saw a landscape before him, as though he was flying. His vision near-impossible to focus on as his senses overcame with the horrid form of shrieking babble in his ears, impossible to comprehend. Deeper within the screams the sound of heavy chains chuckled like a torrent of rain upon his skull. What felt like mere moments passed as he awoke once again in the cave, still touched upon by blue light, yet no sign of the demon. Only cold lonely stone walls remained. His head pounding with memories of his recent travels beyond. He held thoughts that were not his own, memories of countless lifetimes, thousands of voices from the past, now living inside of him. His eyes now shone a blue flame with a freshly cut spiraled scar upon his forehead. Many years passed, with greater understanding of his visions. The ramblings clearer in translation, commanding him to retrieve lost relics and shrines to the Chained God, in aim to free him from his shackles. Tarmasis can now be found lurking the most forgotten temples with his ever growing disciples, in aim to tear the very threads of existence asunder. In his earlier years of life, Taonos was infatuated by the idea of becoming a powerful wizard. His life in the city was fairly easy-going, although not luxurious. His father, Albin Greywind, ran a moderately successful carpentry business in the city. Taonos and his younger brother Corthas always got along, running around the city with their other friends, enjoying life. At the age of 16, Taonos was accepted into the college of magic in the city where he lived. The Arch-Mage of the college, Grenendale, took a personal interest in him, believing him to be able to become his successor one day. After about half a decade of learning the basics of wizardry and magic, Grenendale invited Taonos along on an expedition into an ancient temple that had recently been uncovered. The architecture of the temple was unique and who made it was unknown, but Grenendale had been doing research on an ancient civilization that he suspected once ruled in this region. The expedition revealed little about the ancient civilization, aside from an ancient tome bearing a mark that resembles a bone-like claw with three talons. Grenendale was secretive about the book, revealing almost no information about it to Taonos. For many more years, Taonos continued to learn under his master, becoming more and more proficient in the ways of magic. But, as the years passed, Grenendale became erratic and started to descend into madness. One day, Taonos entered his master's office to check in on him, but found him hunched over the book with a crazed look on his face. Taonos tried to help his master, but Grenendale attacked him. After a short fight, Taonos had no choice but to vitally injure his master. As Grenendale was nearing death, he had a moment of clarity, grabbing Taonos and speaking only two words, "stop him". He then handed Taonos the tome and died. Taonos ran from the city, afraid that he was to be blamed for his master's murder. Taonos now travels the land, searching for answers about what happened to his master. The book that Taonos bears calls to him in his mind, urging him to open it. Taonos has resisted thus far, but curiosity is starting to get the better of him. Dorston grew up hearing the stories of his great-grandfather, a powerful warrior, capable of magic and incredible deeds, and his mighty, talking sword, Dawnshine. For some reason the family was nonetheless living in a humble village, with Dorston's father working as a smith, repairing pots and horse irons, sometimes the breastplate of a passing adventurer or expertly sharpening the swords of the roaming guards of the region. Dorston didn't mind the quiet life, but the legends of his ancestor always tickled his mind. It comes to no surprise, then, that when he heard a clear voice in his head, while admiring the suit of armour and the scabbarded sword of his great-grandfather, he listened carefully. The voice would tell him that it was none other than Dawnshine speaking to him, that the time had come once again for one of his lineage to take up arms against the forces of evil and corruption, all he had to do was accept the power Dawnshine could grant him, and free it from the scabbard it was sealed into. Without thinking too much, Dorston did just that, and released the sword, which started floating in mid air in front of him. The pact was struck, the sword offered the young power, but not itself, flying away to an unknown location. After that, Dorston started feeling strange, more and more every day, until the sword spoke again in his mind, and urged him to prepare for travel and adventure: a great destiny awaited him as its blessed vassal. And so it was that he departed his parent's home, with simple equipment and little training, and ventured in the large world, with the voice of a talking, blessed sword as his guide. For several years now Dorston has been the willing servant of Dawnshine, and everything seems go pretty well for him, even though the shape and looks of some of the incredible powers he has obtained seems strange, he has no doubt, he is sure inside of him that he was destined to be this: a Paladin. Unfortunately, nothing could be farther from the truth, as Dawnshine is nothing more than a ruse, a fake personality of an otherwise twisted and cursed entity residing the sword Dorston freed, and that is now using the young man to gather knowledge and regain strength, until such a time as he will no longer need him. Kuligall was born into a nomadic orc clan that traveled the wilds of the north. From a young age, he always had an affinity with nature in general, and animals more specifically. The clans' resident druid took him under her wing after she found him talking with animals, and started teaching him what she knew. But this life could not last for long. A group of cultists that worshiped a primordial evil had poisoned the local water supply, causing all of the clan members to fall into an enchanted sleep... All that is, except for the druid and her apprentice, since they had some resistance to the posion. The cultists came into the camp, gathering everyone they could find into a ritual circle that they carved out, and then they started chanting. A dark portal opened overhead as the druids watched, helpless to do a thing since the poison had the side effect of blocking off the flow of all magic. Tendrils of dark energies flowed out from the portal, tethering to all present, orc and cultist alike, with a larger tendril being attached to the young Kuligall. As the life could be seen being drained from all present, The young half-orc could hear a deep, resonant voice echoing inside of his mind, telling him how it was going to take control of his body and bring a reign of terror down on the world like it had never known before. At this moment, something snapped inside of the youngling, and he ripped the tendril asunder, not noticing as some squirmed into his forehead. All of this left him alone with his dead clansmen and enemies.He did not know, though, that the snapped tendril had left a portion of the old one in his mind, just waiting for the time that it could take over and be free... Since then, he has traveled south from the frozen northlands that stretch further than the  furthest dale's, and has recently heard of a clan of goblins that have been ambushing people near Neverwinter, and has decided that he shall pay this clan a 'visit'... Azalea was born in the Underdark to the sister of Zaknafein Do'Urden, Chandra Do'Urden. When Chandra was a little girl, her brother instilled in her the same ideals that were passed on to Drizzt, which Chandra then passed on to her daughter. Azalea was trained in the art of assassination and spying from a young age, being sent to take out rival Dark elves and upstart duergar clan heads. In the process of these missions, she discovered a secret passage that led straight to the surface. She followed it up to the top, and there saw the surface world or the first time. She found the grand expanse of sky to be exhilarating, and the trees were all new to her, as she wandered through the forest glade she had surfaced in. Reluctantly, she headed back into the deeps, promising to find that tunnel again. Several years later, when she was 17, she told her mother about the tunnel, which was when her mother revealed a shocking truth- She was not pure drow. Her father had been a slave that House Do'Urden had captured on a surface raid, and whom Chandra had fallen in love with. Pulling out a small set of gear, Azalea's mother handed it over, along with a set of directions that would lead her daughter to a place of training. And, in doing so, Chandra gave her blessing for her daughter to leave for the surface, knowing full and well that it may cost them both their lives. Azalea left, and quickly found herself at the tunnel. Once she exited, she breathed a breath of fresh air, only to discover that a band of orcs and goblins had taken over the glade. Quickly putting them to rest, the young rouge left, following the very same path her cousin before her had. Within a year, she had found the place of safety and training her father had mentioned, and now, 11 years later, she has set out for her first mission for a group know as The Harpers... Petrichor, previously known by a different name, grew up in a large city under a powerful and wealthy family. He trained to be a wizard in his young years, excelling in potential even beyond his tutors, though this potential squandered through his fascination with a unknown entity that haunted his dreams. This mysterious force became an obsession to him; it spoke whispers that had no face, it showed him horrific images that held no meaning. In fascinated fear he ran from his city, his family and even his name; he became poor and unknown. In time, Petrichor was born from the ashes of his past, the dreams still as vivid as his youth yet their mysteries still withheld from him. If there was one thing his lifetime of exiled searching brought him, it was the knowledge that the deeper he delved in to his alien nightmares the more powerful he became. Azalea was born in the Underdark to the sister of Zaknafein Do'Urden, Chandra Do'Urden. When Chandra was a little girl, her brother instilled in her the same ideals that were passed on to Drizzt, which Chandra then passed on to her daughter. Azalea was trained in the art of assassination and spying from a young age, being sent to take out rival Dark elves and upstart duergar clan heads. In the process of these missions, she discovered a secret passage that led straight to the surface. She followed it up to the top, and there saw the surface world or the first time. She found the grand expanse of sky to be exhillirating, and the trees were all new to her, as she wandered through the forest glade she had surfaced in. Reluctantly, she headed back into the deeps, promising to find that tunnel again. Several years later, when she was 17, she told her mother about the tunnel, which was when her mother revealed a shocking truth- She was not pure drow. Her father had been a slave that House Do'Urden had captured on a surface raid, and whom Chandra had fallen in love with. Pulling out a small set of gear, Azalea's mother handed it over, along with a set of directions that would lead her daughter to a place of training. And, in doing so, Chandra gave her blessing for her daughter to leave for the surface, knowing full and well that it may cost them both their lives. Azalea left, and quickly found herself at the tunnel. Once she exited, she breathed a breath of fresh air, only to discover that a band of orcs and goblins had taken over the glade. Quickly putting them to rest, The young rouge left, following the very same path her cousin before her had. Within a year, she had found the place of safety and training her father had mentioned, and now, 11 years later, she has set out for her first mission for a group know as The Harpers, headed for parts unknown! Found as a newborn near the foot of the nearby mountains by the human inhabitants of Hawk's Reach village (named for the red-wing hawks found in abundance in the surrounding area), Kriv grew up not knowing his family or his people. Due to the secluded locale of Hawk's Reach, Kriv is the lone Dragonborn anyone had seen in the area for decades. Nevertheless, the villagers decided to help him, and he was adopted and raised by the kindly schoolmaster Tav Windson and his wife Kera, even taking Tav's family name. Owing his life to those who saved him, Kriv did everything he could to help out the village. From doing simple repairs to using his size and strength to protect against bandit raids, he became something of a jack-of-all-trades, and was well-liked in the community. Due to his upbringing with the schoolmaster, Kriv became well-educated, with an insatiable curiosity for the world around him and a love of exploration. Being so different from the other inhabitants, he also developed deep empathy for the outcast and downtrodden. Generally good-natured, with an endearing affability, he sometimes felt an overpowering loneliness, often roaming the countryside surrounding the village for hours, pondering his solitude among humans. Kriv's innate magical abilities developed at an early age, and Tav encouraged their growth, as a way for Kriv to feel connected to his heritage. Aware how dangerous untrained magic can be, when Kriv was 5, Tav took him to meet the wizard Cailan Frostraven, who lives alone in a tower in the nearby mountains. Cailan, an eccentric hermit who cares more for his tomes than people, was nevertheless intrigued by the young Dragonborn, and agreed to mentor him, teaching him a handful of useful spells. Cailan believes that Kriv's abilities are tied to a medallion found with him as a baby, a crystal star embedded in a silver disc, with strange runes around the edge. In addition to helping hone his magical abilities, Cailan helped Kriv learn more about the Dragonborn race, though he doesn't have the foggiest notion how Kriv came to Hawk's Reach. As he grew older, Kriv's desire to see the world and seek out his people became overwhelming. When he turned 16, he decided once and for all to leave Hawk's Edge and strike out on his own. The villagers were sad to see him leave, but understood his need to find his family. Now 26, Kriv has spent the last ten years traveling the world. He tries to help those in need, and deals sternly (but fairly) with those who would harm others. He is not overly fond of physical combat, being more scrappy than skilled, and instead relies on his intelligence and magical abilities. He often prefers his solitude, especially during those bouts of loneliness that have followed him since he was a child, and he has never really felt at home anywhere. Preferring the open country to crowded cities, he is nevertheless adaptable to what is required in a given situation. Kriv has encountered other Dragonborn, who pityingly call him "Clanless Kriv" due to his upbringing among humans. He has inquired about his past every chance he gets, but none of the Dragonborn he has met have recognized the medallion he carries. Still, he doesn't obsess over the mystery, believing fate will unfold as it will, and he never loses hope that he will one day find the answers he seeks. Instead, a curiosity of the world and a desire to learn drives him forward. I am tired Grandfather, why have I been summoned,” the old man whined. “I have served the family for over three hundred years, but the life extending magics are exhausted, and I’m ready to die.” The cold voice drifted across the ancient tower, “Three hundred years? Empires are laid low for the secrets that gave you those three hundred years, and yet you protest. Your family requires your services, and yet you protest. You disappoint me Archmage Terem yn Ujemi.” The creature, with a gesture, waved away the further titles. The old man bowed his head in rebuke. “I am sorry for my insolence Grandfather, but my divinitions have revealed this to be the day of my death. I do not understand what I can do for you with so little time left.” “Less than an hour to be precise.” If the mercurial creatures face held pity or compassion it did not show, though its gesture was one of paternal familiarity. “I require one last obedience of you grandson of my grandson,” the lich said. “Candlekeep has turned away my agents. Olmur, the new Keeper of Tomes has decreed that seekers can stay no more than a ten day, and only the avowed now have direct access to the library. To fully preserve the revelations of Alaundo, he claims. I cannot abide being denied access. I need an agent in the library to conduct my research”. “What of Candlekeep? Myth Drannor rises to greater heights everyday. Its libraries have long past eclipsed that of those odd monks and their chanting circles. I do not understand! I am to die today, how can I be of any further help to the family in this matter?” Terem asked. "Mulhorand slain, Mystryl sacrificed, when even Gods fall what are the works of mortals. Narfell and Rauathar are ghostly echoes of the past. Calamities will come again and those that are high will be felled, those that are low will become ascendant. Cities that do not yet exist will have high kings not yet born. It is not the past you work toward, or even the present." For a man at the end of his life, the past was all his mind could think of. His eyes followed the form of the creature his mother had brought him to almost two hundred ninety years ago, she had called him Grandfather also. He remembered the tears in her eyes, now long gone to the house of the dead. “For the family,” she had said leaving the crying youth behind. Terem saw the lich pause on front of a table, on it was a book. The title read, “First Expedition to the Shadow Plane. Journal of Killium the Arcanist of Xinlenal”. Other objects the Archmage could easily identify as common in the enchantment of an item, other things, though his knowledge of magic was vast, were unfamiliar to him. "Karsus's Folly cost me much," the once human creature said, his hollow voice ringing through the hall. "So much of my power was lost, it has taken years to recover. In truth, I have not and cannot ever return to the heights I once held. I have learned patience though, through my long years. It is a virtue you shall now have to learn as well." "I am confused Grandfather. I do not," Terem started. As the lich turned he saw in its hand a ornate pendant, princely in its worth. Then he saw the Athame. "No Grandfather". Archmage Terem felt his muscles seize, despite his considerable will and defences. The chants of the lich echoing in the workroom. He tried to focus on his years of arcane training and research, lost and forbidden knowledge he had gleaned from dusty and forgotten towers. All came to the same conclusion, there was nothing that could be done. The divinitions were correct, he would die this day. "Less than a few moments left grandson". It seemed to Terem that he almost heard regret in the empty voice. If it existed it did not stop the inexorable arc of the ceremonial blade or the brief pain that followed. "I shall keep your phylactery with me, protected from all harm," the creature stated in between chants. He lifted the book and placed it on the corpse of the old mage. Skeletal fingers clutched the cover and opened it, holding it deathly still as it brought an ivory pen inscribed with runes, it nib filled with a golden ink gleaming with its own inner light. With death, the cold fingers of fear had released Terem. It surprised him to find oblivion did not follow. He was still aware. Although blinded, knowledge of his surroundings still filled his senses. Throwing out this awareness he watched the creature he called Grandfather work with calm precision, tirelessly anointing the edges of each page with tiny runes. "No Terem, there is no peace in death for either of us, we shall continue to protect our family. For you, Candlekeep will be your home, protect it well. In the years to come when your shade rises in its defence you will be looked upon as a guardian of the walled library. They will think nothing of your ghostly form roaming its halls. They will tell themselves you were once of the avowed. All while you obtain for me the knowledge that I need. The tomes that others bring will enhance my knowledge. If Candlekeep falls, mayhap you will end up in another useful library." The spirit once known as the Archmage Terem continued to watch dispassionately as the lich he once called Grandfather patiently waited for the golden ink to dry and start again. It was over a hundred pages before the spirit realized the creature would press unduly hard on the nib pressing the ink deeply through the page. It took almost a thousand before the shade understood. The inhuman thing that worked ever so patiently felt the spirits understanding, and was pleased. "Your phylactery holds your soul, while the book holds your spirit. As long as your soul is protected the book cannot be truly destroyed. It will always reform and call your spirit back. It is the only one of its kind, and Candlekeep will always desire you returned." It continued to speak, uncharacteristically verbose, pleased with its own guile. "As long as you are in the library, I shall enter at my leisure. The monks will look at each page with care, the magics obvious even to a dullard. They will check each page carefully, first one side then the other, their study will be most thorough. The Avowed lack the wit to discern what I have hidden, for the magic circle I have created does not run along its pages, but through them. In as long as this hidden gate exists, with your awareness to draw me in, no ward now or in the future shall prevent my entry." As the echo of his voice faded from the chamber the lich drew the final rune on the final page. The chant of many magics filled the air, some of the spells Terem recognised, non-detection, protection, and some he did not. As if to mark the end of his labors, the lich pressed his left skeletal hand onto the inside of the front cover, leaving a black claw print in the tome. Finally, the lich called for his servants. If the awareness that had been Syl-Vizer Terem yn Ujemi yn Sardikar el makhlab-dabab yi Memnon could be startled the sight of his former apprentice, a nephew,  entering would have done so. There had been no sense of time, but the boy he had left was now aged and bent. "Grandfather," He said, his eyes wide with fear as he received his instructions and scurried out of the room. House Talonmist traces their lineage back to the great diviner Sardikar Makhlb-dabab, descended from the Djinn, Imperial Dreamer of Calimshan and called the talon in the mist by his enemies now long dead. After being granted a vision foretelling of the Red Plague of -990 DR he fled north from Calimport with his family. Despite his attempt to save them, all except his youngest child perished in the plague. He railed against the arbitrary nature of the plague and his impotence in aiding his family. Sardikar became obsessed with the study of disease and death. He travelled the world with a singular purpose, he would defeat death and protect his lineage. His obsession led him to seek a greater understanding of the dark arts and necromancy. Seeking to tease out the secrets of lichdom, as a means of forestalling his death; and by extension guiding and securing the legacy of his family. Since then the he has shepherded the various branches around Faerûn, and watched from afar. For generations they bred and scattered across the Sword Coast and Western Heartlands. Acting as an unassuming family of merchants while slowly gathering magical lore and secrets. Tahlaunmiiz was the name his descendants bore in Westgate, Talonmist in Waterdeep. Though throughout the centuries, those descendants of both houses who showed an aptitude for the arcane mysteries would be sent off the family seat of "Kingsgrave Manor". Where they were to apprentice under the immutable patriarch, the lich Sardikar Makhlb-dabab, the talon in the mist. In recent years the Talonmist family has been embroiled in a simmering feud with the Harpells, an upstart family of wizards from Longsaddle. Whom have disrupted Talonmist activities and acquisitions in the past. Members of the opposing families have even been known to engage in duels to the death when tensions boil over. The Talonmists also harbor a cold relationship with the Red Wizards, seeing the new expansion of the merchant-mages into the Sword Coast as a threat to the family business. It is in this time, some 2,500 years after the exodus from Calimshan, that Modoc was born. The second of Jaheira and Ajantis Talonmist's three children, his early childhood was free of any significant turmoil or crisis. Modoc's parents made their living as spice merchants in the bustling port city of Waterdeep; and while they were not wealthy, they lived a comfortable lifestyle. This afforded their children the opportunity to receive an education. It was in this environment of learning and study that Modoc began to thrive. He read voraciously, sometimes late into the night and would often be gently scolded by his mother, for using to many candles when caught. However, it would not be long before Modoc's education became a source of umbrage. The normally peaceful home would erupt with cantankerous argument. As the young savant challenged the teachings of his tutors, in subjects that encompassed everything from theological matters, to natual theories, and even the wonders of the higher mysteries. The study was often a room in the throws of raucous debate, in which Modoc's energy was spent disputing, correcting, and badgering his tutors. All the while demanding evidence of their teachings. Invariably these educators would resign amid a string of curses as they stormed from the family home. These resignations began to become a burden on the family finances, we well as a disruption to the education of their other children. Finding no other recourse for the dangerous intellect of their son the parents decided it was time. They sent a message, and received a response. Modoc was to be delivered to Kingsgrave Manor, where he would examined and tested; and if he was deemed worthy he would be formally apprenticed to the venerable "Grandfather Sar". The precocious youth was sent east by carriage and arrived at an ancient fortified manor house set atop one of the rolling hills north of the town of Triel. The manor itself seemed to be built over many centuries. With evidence of several different construction phases and techniques, giving the structure an overall disjointed and bizarre appearance. Once admitted into the enigmatic building Modoc was questioned at length. Scrutinized by robed men and women of unclear relation to the boy though they bore a distinct resemblance to his father. Eventually he was taken to an antechamber deep in the vaults under the manor, the door to the room beyond was covered in luminous blue runes. At this point his robed guides instructed Modoc to "Wait here" before the pair turned and hurried from the crypt-like atmosphere of the vaults. Several hours passed before the door swung open as if by some invisible force. It took Modoc a moment to summon to courage to enter. When he did the scene the greeted the boy nearly overwhelmed his senses. Smoke from burning incense hung in several gilded brazzers perfuming the air. A small library's worth of the tomes and scrolls sat in a massive, overstuffed, bookshelf and many more lay stacked on the floor and tables throughout the room. A number of crystals arcing electricity, hovered in place, occasionally shifted from one side of the room to the other.  In a corner sat a wooden table of polished ebony holding carefully arranged and straightened lengths of hair. Each set is tied together with bright blue string. The  sigil of house Talonmist covered much of the floor. The design is cut into the floor and its tiny channels are full of glistening mercury. In the center of the room stood the desiccated and mummified figure of Grandfather Sar. He was clothed in ivory colored robes trimmed with gold, his fingers and throat heavy with jewellery. Small crystalline stones floated above his head, atop which sat a circlet made of opalescent stone. The only thing that kept the boy from fleeing the chamber was sheer awe. As Grandfather Sar reached out a skeletal hand to gesture the youth forward he said "You need not fear me my child. But know this, your existence shall be that, which I weave for you out of sorrow and woe." Initially Modoc split the majority of his days either assisting his master with alchemical experiments, deep in study, or carefully aiding with embalming rituals to fortify the liches deteriorating form. Though as the years progressed Modoc's apprenticeship became an affair of extremes. In one moment Grandfather Sar would patently guide the young mage through the intricacies of The Weave and spellcraft. The next the old lich would set impossible goals for any budding wizard to attain. And when Modoc would inevitably fail, his master was harsh and unforgiving. Evidence of the lich's cruelty was most evident at the end of his time at Kingsgrave Manor. He was told by Grandfather Sar to prepared to a journey to the Shadowfell, no doubt so the lich could achieve some secret end. The process seemed simple; an aperture opened like a jaw, and swallowed them and they passed into another space. But something happened when the pair attempted to plane shift. And an error left Modoc separated from his master and alone in the Feywild. At first he could only stare, open-mouthed, stunned at the resplendent natural beauty before him. But he was soon shocked out of this trance. The sound of his master's voice boomed inside of his head. "Return triumphant or die forgotten" the old lich said, and then it was silent.  By happenstance or destiny, Modoc had entered the Feywild in the territory of a Brass dragon named Parthanax. The dragon kept a keen eye on its domain and quickly "collected" the spellcaster as a sort of curio. Parthanax brought Modoc back to its lair, "The Grand Hall of Conversation" where it spent the majority of its time entertaining friends and visitors. The lair also contained an elegant foyer, a gallery for the artwork the dragon collected, sleeping chambers, of course a treasure vault that housed the dragon's horde. Pathanax loved to engage his guest in hours of long winded debate, and Modoc was no exception. This environment suited the young mage and he spent countless hours in deep conversation with the dragon and it's visitors. During his time in the Feywild, Modoc learned answers to questions his had not know to ask. After several months with the dragon he was able to convince Pathanax to send him back to the Material Plane. He entered near Luskan and was quickly able to make his way to the city. Penniless and far from home, he initially tried to acquire the coin for the journey by taking the moniker Modoc the Magnificent and plying his trade as a street magician. Though it didn't take long to realize that more direct action was necessary. He hired on with a group of adventurers, the party consisted of Gorignak a goliath berserker, James the Younger a sly priest of Tymora, and Kamali a half-elf troubadour. They had been tasked with escorting an elderly priest South to Neverwinter, a city still recovering from the ravages of the Spellplague. The companions made good time on the road to Neverwinter, and delivered the abbot safe and sound to his temple in the city. The group spent little time in Neverwinter before heading South toward Waterdeep, where Modoc planed to part ways with his acquaintances and continue on to Kingsgrave Manor alone. When the adventurers arrived in the village of Oakhurst, on the road south of Neverwinter, the villagers beseeched the party for their help. Kobolds had taken up residence in a nearby ravine, and had been stealing livestock from local farmers. With the promise of reward the party set out the clear the kobold lair. But in a strange turn of events, the minstrel Kamali, was able to negotiate a treaty with the villagers and the kobold matriarch Yidrasil. From there the group traveled on toward Waterdeep, but the adventurers would never make it. In a roadside inn they heard a rumor, a young dragon had ousted a group of dwarves from their mine near Mirabar. Anyone who could clear the mine stood to profit greatly. All Modoc had to hear was "dragon" to start making excuses to postpone his trip home and urge the group back north. After a few weeks of travel the explorers had reached the mine of Khundakar and began preparations to plumb it's depths. The place was cavernous and seemed to descend for miles. When the group had finally reached the bottom, they found their quarry. A black dragon the size of an ettin. The beast fought ferociously but in the end, the creature fell to spellfire and force of arms. After gathering samples from the dragon, while the others gathered treasure. Modoc and the party set out for the mine's exit. Upon reaching the surface, the group encountered a single human male dressed in dark leather. The man introduced himself as Antony and stated he belonged to a group that specializes in the finding and acquisition of magic items known as the Black Hand. Impressed that the party had beaten him to the punch. He offered them a job on the spot, and with it an opportunity to join this network of shadowy archaeologists and tomb raiders. Caught up in the excitement and promise of the whole affair, within days the friends and new employer were on a ship bound for Chult. Modoc was sure his master would overlook the delay when he returned with the arcane secrets gathered from such a mysterious land. They sailed into Refuge Bay, the coastal settlement of Ishau sank into sea during Spellplague and the city’s stone buildings lay submerged a few hundred yards off shore. The party disembarked on to the beach at the southeastern edge of the bay. On the shore sat a small fishing village constructed out of driftwood, palm fronds, and materials scavenged from the ruined city. Modoc and his companions entered the village and after offering gifts to the locals they were able to secure a guide. They stayed the night in a small driftwood hut offered by the chieftain. All except Modoc who was forced to sleep in the small rowboat they had brought ashore due to the villagers mistrust of magic. In the morning the party, except Modoc, received some parting gifts and blessings from the tribe before heading into the sweltering jungle. By this time Antony had become the tacit leader of the group. He spent most of his time conferring with the guide, checking his map, and reassuring the adventurers they were on the right track. In contrast, Gorignak told tall tales of his many feats of strength and taphouse exploits to anyone who would listen. The minstrel Kamali was constantly plucking at his mandolin and tuning its strings while complaining about the humidity warping his instrument. All the while James whispered silent prayers to Tymora as his eyes darted about searching the foliage and undergrowth for any sign of danger. In total the journey took four day before the party finally caught sight of the temple of Tamoachan. This ancient shrine had lay forgotten for centuries and had only recently been located by the Black Hand. The massive limestone step pyramid that greeted them was engulfed by the vines and moss, looking like a fang pushing up through the jungle floor. It was decided that Antony and the local guide would maintain a camp while the rest of the group entered and cleared the temple. They entered through a sinkhole that had opened up next to the structure and caused part of its foundation to collapse. Pushing through the lower levels they encountered a poisonous haze that hung in the air and sapped at their strength. They were further impeded hazardous traps and the denizens of the temple. Eventually the party reached the upper levels of the pyramid and the miasma faded. After entering the throne room of the temple they were faced with a long forgotten undead chieftain that had ruled over Tamoachan in years past. After defeating this threat the group was faced with one last obstacle. An Oni occupied the highest level of the structure and stood between the party and the exit. The friends steeled themselves for battle against the demon. Gorignak charged forward striking at the Oni wildy with his massive gleaming axe. James moved to flank the creature where he could attack from the demon’s blind spot. Kamali and Modoc stood further away slinging spells at the beast. With a simple gesture from the Oni the entire chamber became freezing winds and driving snow, obscuring the party's vision. Before they could react the demon teleported between the two spell casters. Bringing down it's massive clawed hand down upon Modoc and with a single mighty blow sent the wizard flying across the room. Modoc's broken body slammed into the wall and fell to the floor. When the mage gathered enough strength to stand up and the stars cleared from his eyes he saw the Oni's claw clutching tightly Kamali’s lifeless body by the throat. Gorignak rushed frantically to cut down the fiend that had slain their friend. The barbarian’s progress was slowed by the freezing gales, but upon reaching the beast he landed many savage blows, splattering it's black blood throughout the room. A few meters away to Modoc’s right, James kneeled to steady himself as he fired arrow after arrow into the fray. Then, to the wizard's horror, he witnessed to fell creature’s clawed hand reach into Gorignak’s chest. And then retract with the barbarian’s in its grasp. The goliath managed to shrug off the wound just long enough to land one final blow before falling, almost cleaving the Oni’s head form it's body. With it's black blood spewing from many savage wounds the demon summoned it's dying strength. It raised a bloody hand and sent forth a deadly cone of freezing energy in a last attempt to kill the remaining intruders. Only Modoc emerged from the temple. The mage struggled as he drug Kamali’s body into the green light of the Chultan jungle. The forms of his two other fallen friends floated upon a floating disk that followed a few meters behind the wizard.Far back in the depths of history, the combined might of dwarves, elves and men pushed the beasts back onto a peninsula behind the Wall. This barrier is only circumvented every hundred years, when the seas draw back, leaving a route around the wall dry. During this time, the famed United Guard kept the beasts from wreaking too much havoc until the waters return. This was the case for a thousand years, until 100 years before the present day, when the waters left and the beasts did not appear. When the beasts failed to cross the dried seas, an elite team from the United Guards was sent in to find out what happened. They were never heard from again. Most of the party was killed; one human woman was raped and beaten almost senseless. She dragged herself back from the Beastlands, ending up starving, exposed and pregnant at a monastery far in the north of the Western kingdom. She died giving birth do a half-orc son. The boy was raised in the monastery, but eventually went into a violent rage and killed one of his fellow monks, and was cast out. He wandered the world in penance, eventually falling in love with a farmer’s daughter at the south of the wall. Despite his savage looks (although he fortunately took after his mother) he won her over with his good heart. They married and settled in a homestead far out in the woods and bore a daughter. One day when the daughter was very young (only 10 or so) she came back to their cabin to find it had burned to the ground, killing both of her parents. She travelled the 20 miles to the nearest town, and was taken in by an elderly herbalist there. She eventually grew up and took over the herbalist’s business in that town. She too, married and had a child (although with considerably less difficulty, as the orc blood was not as visible; from here on out, the part orcs are just look kind of ugly, not recognizably beastly.) This child was a boy, who quickly grew up rambunctious and wild. Not content to sit around in a quiet herbalists shop, he grew up to be a wild adventurer of somewhat questionable moral character. He was also a bit of a womaniser. One of the women he fell in with was a poor fort trollop in Wallfort. He left her alone and pregnant. (My character does not know this part of her story; her orcish nature is manifested in slightly lowered charisma, slightly higher strength, and a level in Barbarian). On March 24, Renee Rookwood, a barmaid at the Red Eagle Tavern in Wallfort heard a squalling noise from the back stoop. Upon further investigation, she found the source; a sallow, hungry girl-child with a tuft of red hair. Renee and her husband Martin, a blacksmith, took the poor child in, raising her alongside their own newborn son Philip. They named her Seneca Anne Rookwood. Seneca lived a happy life with the tightly knit Rookwood clan. Her adoption was never a secret, as she bore the Rookwoods no family resemblance whatsoever. She spent much of her time as she got older, helping Renee at the tavern, especially when Renee took over the business. Through the days and nights spent there, Seneca was able to glean many great tales of derring-do from the adventurers and bards who came the the fort. These tales and songs gave Seneca an interest in music, which she showed a proclivity for. They also stirred her taste for adventure, although this taste was not fufilled until the start of the campaign. One old, grizzled bard who spent a the winter months at the Red Eagle left her with more than tales. Tomas Kinsian spotted the 13 year old's talent for music, and over the long winter nights made her an ahks (a magically amplified electric guitar type thing). Seneca has played avidly ever since. When Seneca was 16 years old, another (perhaps less savory) influence came into her life; Rian Sallec, a smooth young buck of 20 who was training at the fort. None of the young men from the fort had ever given Seneca a second glance. Rian was a charmer and actually took notice of her, wooing her into thinking he was her special beau. After that, it was not much trouble for him to land her foolishly in the sack, after which he stopped visiting. About two weeks later, some bouts of sickness led Seneca the local hedgewitch and midwife, who told her that she was pregnant. Naively, and admittedly with some trepidation, she visited Rian in the canteen at the fort to tell him the news, that they would have to be married and would start a family. With his army blokes looking on, he laughed in her face and told her that he’d have nothing more with a little girl like her, and that she should just “drop the babe on a step like your whore of a mother”. This betrayal and insult, so new in Seneca's naïve and not particularly intelligent life, propelled her into her first (and heretofore only) rage. Although she’d always had a temper, this was like nothing she had ever experienced before; she flew at Rian without a second thought, angry as a wildcat. Unfortunately for Seneca, Rian’s sense of honor was a bit lacking and he gave even better than he got. She woke up in the midwife's room two days later to find out that not only had she lost the baby, the damage meant that she could never get pregnant again. Rian had been quietly demoted and sent to another regiment, and she has not heard from him since. After this affair, Seneca withdrew into herself for several months, even ceasing to play music. She was shaken out of her mourning by the arrival of Gareth Silvertongue, a bard of great renown, to the fort. Under his kind tutelage, she began to practice obsessively, honing her craft and soon learning to layer her music with magic. It is during this time that she began to learn her bardic skills and practical healing skills at the fort. Seneca took to the magic fairly quickly, becoming an efficient healer both with and without the help of bardic magic. Sadly, several years after the incident with Rian, the Rookwood family experienced another tragedy; they lost Martin to consumption. After this, Seneca began looking for a way out of the city; although she loves her family, the restlessness and wanderlust is starting to get to her. She finds her opportunity when the United Guard, now only a shadow of its former self, was called upon to provide a safe perimeter for a huge party for the heads of state to celebrate the beasts no longer crossing into the civilized lands, to be held when the waters receded. Seneca joined up as a healer and bard, and when the campaign begins, she meets her team; a party of 7 other adventurers that will hold the perimeter alongside her. Riven Crowley was a bit obsessed with death you see. Bereaved with the death of his wife he tried to bring her back to life (This was before the raise dead scroll existed.) His research paved the way for rituals like raise dead, undead servitor, and speak with dead. After 10 years and secretly practicing on hundreds of corpses he finds what he thinks is an answer. He tries it on his preserved wife and something goes wrong. She was conscious but in extreme pain. He left her alone to rest, thinking that the soul is adjusting to the body again, but something more sinister was happening... in the middle of the night he hears screams outside his door. He runs outside to see his wife devouring an infant. The townspeople ask for an explanation and they raided his home asd found out that he was practicing necromancy. His research was taken and archived and he was burned at the stake with his creation... But that is only the beginning. You see apparently there is a god that sees him as important. So much that he was able to bring riven back as a revavant with a special gift. Holy resurrection and immortality. Riven wakes up from his death to find his skin pale, eyes red, and clad in holy armor, that moans with the souls of the damned, with a dark orange bladed scythe, that can cut holes in the ground the size of mass graves, and a holy symbol in his hand the shape of an ankh. He gets up and finds that almost 800 years has passed. He is confused on why he has been brought back, why he has this armor and these powers, and who brought him back. He travels from city to city looking for priests and paladins who may be able to guide him to these answers. Ofve the course of 20 years masters the rituals raise dead, undead servitor, and speak with dead, the fruits of his research. Until he meets with Day, a psion who has taken over.the city of valmoor. He was looking for Day's companions, Dave of Delora, and Borthomar of Bane. Who both lost their lives in the takover. Day and Riven are now on an agreement, Day will help Riven on his Quest, if he does the same for Day, guardian of the shadow orb. There's nothing more beautiful than the leaves in autumn. In all of existence, never is change more perfectly represented than the green of youth bursting into vibrant red and orange, and then quickly fading, and falling to the ground; birth, growth, and death -- a poetic display of change that connects us all. A newborn's cry, a spring rain, and a river wearing canyons into the face of the Earth all cry out that change is everywhere. A universal truth that every creature, every object in the world must accept: This, too, shall pass. There is nothing more beautiful than the leaves in autumn. The spirit of Change loved this time. He reveled in the electric feeling of uncertainty and impermanence. It was this frailty, this haunting certainty, which gave existence itself value. The beauty and splendor of the world seemed, to his understanding, directly proportional to the ease with which it could be erased. Wildfires raged through the forest, and yet new growth began. Floods wiped out plains, and new grass shot up. Great storms and earthquakes brought all living things to their knees, and yet life continued in the face of such great adversity. He cherished these moments, and watched in awe as all of the wonders of the Maker flourished in the face of their unwavering fate. The leaves must fall, and yet for now they grew as if they never would – a triumph of spirit, and a picture of life itself. Progress, his most beloved virtue, was undeniable in these times. The spirit occupied himself with the business of observing and meditating on the state of all things as process, and there were no spirits that took to their task more readily than he. He began to see the world not as it seemed around him, but both as it had been previously, and –- more importantly -- how it might yet be. He began to see not only the state of things, but the potential changes that could occur. He gazed in increasingly frightful awe at the world around him, and each day brought with it an increased realization of two fantastic truths: first, that progress seemed to march unerringly toward chaos and disarray with innumerable possibilities, and secondly that, even in spite of this seemingly erratic pattern, the end was certain -- everything ends. Everything that is made, becomes unmade. Sooner or later, everything is not. Appropriately enough, the spirit of progress found that this deepening understanding began to change him. There was beauty in pain. He was pleased with destruction. He took comfort in chaos. And soon, he found he even reveled in death. And yet still, the spirit only observed the world around him. He was content only to see the world, and in this way he had not yet experienced change as an act of will, only an observation of natural process. It wasn't until the Maker's creation of the mortal plane that the spirit was able to observe the process of choice -- the idea that one could willingly bring about change. He watched as the humans fought each other -- sometimes for reasons similar to those he saw in nature, but then other times for reasons he couldn't fathom. This intrigued the spirit, and he focused his efforts on observing the process of humanity. He watched them love, hate, defend, betray, create, and destroy -- and he was dumbfounded. He was struck suddenly by a singular idea: I can change. The enormity of that concept nearly blinded the spirit, and he found himself looking at a beautiful, perfect rose. The graceful, delicate flower managed to work its way through the undergrowth of the forest, struggling through the dead leaves and frosted decay of Autumn's doing and stretching triumphantly toward the sky. It was late for roses, and the cold wind had torn savagely until all the other plants had succumbed to the sleep of winter, but this single rose, an impossibly picturesque blossom, a crimson, victorious shout in the bleak, cold world around it had persevered and found the light of day against all odds. The petals stretched defiantly in a celebration of life, a calling to the insects that had long since taken to the ground for the season. The rose stood laughing in the face of its fate, challenging nature itself. The trembling spirit ached with its beauty, a single tear sliding down his face. Without a conscious thought, he found himself reaching toward the bloom. He took the flower tenderly in his hand - he felt the velvet of the petals, the crispness of the leaves, the sharpness of the thorns, and the strength and resolve in the will of this life to continue. He took a deep, nervous breath -- and crushed the flower in his hand, thorns piercing deep into him palm as he ground the vibrant warrior into pulp, turning it into filth with a lustful abandon. A rapturous smile spread across his face, and he began to weep with joy. He gazed at the awful, bloody stain that remained of the flower that moments ago had been a living testament to life's triumph over the inevitability of change. He smelled the broken petals, closing his eyes and breathing deeply of the aroma of death's unstoppable march, and he knew what it was to affect the world around him. And he knew that all change is death, from one form to another. He opened his eyes, and found himself filled with a new and terrible purpose. He was now an unfailing agent of destruction, a herald of Progress, a champion of Change. Death was now his lover, and Chaos their dance. And oh, how they would dance. The fateful spirit knew there would be others who would not understand the beauty in what he had planned. The stinging of the rose‘s thorns in his hands sounded a warning that the stubborn beings he planned on Changing would do everything they could to stop him. If he was going to become an agent of Progress, he would need a plan, he would need resources, and he would need allies. He relished the thought of Changing those around him, rallying them to his vision of a world in the throes of Chaos and Upheaval, and to bring about the final Change, even to the Maker himself. He needed to find spirits like himself, those who cherished similar virtues above all else. He soon found lieutenants among the ranks of the spirits. Perfection was an easy first choice. As one of the first among the spirits in the Maker’s realm, Perfection held to the virtue that improving oneself was the greatest goal. He strove to be the greatest of the spirits, and he outshone all around him. His beauty and grace was without equal, and he carried himself as one above question or reproach. He was a companion in whom nothing could be found wanting, and that is why it came as such a shock to him when the Maker, dissatisfied with his spirit realm, turned his focus to the mortal plane, and created humanity. The dirty, foul, base creatures were so clearly flawed, so utterly useless, and yet the Maker held them up as his true work of passion. This initially dumbfounded Perfection, and after a time, he began to resent first the humans, and eventually even the Maker. His rage built, but he took no action. He clung to the idea that if he could only reach a higher level of greatness, a previously unknown degree of beauty and wisdom, he could bring his Maker’s attentions back. He craved it at the very core of his being, and was willing to take any action needed to once again become the standard by which all creation is measured. In his effort to Progress, he drew the attention of the spirit of Change. “Surely”, Change thought, “there can be no greater ally than Perfection. There are none stronger, none wiser than he. With an ally such as him, surely I can Change the world. After all, Perfection is simply changing in pursuit of a goal. I simply have to present a new goal.” Change began to talk with Perfection, and afforded him the sympathy, attention, and adoration that Perfection had been seeking ever since the Maker’s turn to the moral plane. Change began to discuss with Perfection what it means to be Perfect. He wondered aloud whether Perfection is some ethereal level, or simply a relative point above all other contenders. In fact, if the other contenders were to be struck down in some way, would that not, in turn, make those greater spirits even more Perfect? Would striking down the unworthy pretenders reclaim the love and affection of the Maker for his greatest creation? Over time, these ideas began to fill Perfection’s mind. He began to dwell on them, and started to steel himself as to the path he must take to Perfect himself. Of course, to his mind he had arrived at such a conclusion of his own accord, and he extended an offer to the spirit who had become his closest friend in his time of despair. He graciously asked Change if he’d like to be a part of his grand conquest, and Change humbly accepted, grateful that one such as Perfection would allow a lesser spirit to accompany him in his quest – a testament to the magnanimity of the Greatest Spirit. He began recruiting other great spirits, with the assistance of Change. Justice was appalled by the disgusting behavior of humanity, and she thought it unacceptable that they were even allowed to exist, let alone placed in a favored position by the Maker. She quickly rallied to the cause when approached by Perfection, and began to marshal her forces. Few forces in Creation could stand against the ferocity of Justice in combat, even more when she was clad in the armor crafted by the master smith, Strength. His artisanship was infused with Power’s very nature, unbending and unbreakable through resolve and force of will alone. He began to outfit the other spirits who marched with the forces of Change. Ambition felt that accompanying Perfection into a battle of legend would be sure to win him glory and accolades, and so was quick to join. Ambition’s mind for strategy and tenacity in pursuit of his goal was unrivaled. Beauty was struck by the ugliness of the human race, and felt that the course Perfection was taking may help to improve the world by removing their hideous appearance. Her love for Perfection was unshakable, as he was the only thing in all of Creation that compared to her own appearance. The mere sight of the two of them in battle would level mountains out of joy at their unspeakable glory. These spirits and many others came together with a shared goal: a frontal assault on the seat of Creation to destroy the mortal plane, in hopes that they might show the Maker the error of his ways and return his attentions to the great spirits who were more deserving. As they came together and set off to their dread purpose, there began a subtle, sinister, and dark Change in each of them. Justice, her anger unbound, began to project Vengeance. Strength, furious at the Maker’s seeming betrayal, yearned for an outlet for his power, and found it in Rage. Ambition, in seeing his Maker’s attention given to others, became an avatar of Hunger, and he yearned only for his master’s voice. Beauty was so focused on the greatness of Perfection and his unrivaled form, that she became Desire incarnate. And Perfection was not above this Change. Perfection, scorned and yet unwilling to accept it, became Pride. Change, focused on the destruction of everything he could see, became the Unmaker. Those spirits still loyal to the Maker were granted mantles of power according to their virtues. Wisdom was endowed with a gift of strong elemental magic. Loyalty was granted fortitude, and clad in living armor which eased the pain and weariness of his nearby allies. Valor was granted swiftness, and a magical sword that leapt to attack her foes. Harmony was given a longbow half again as tall as a man, and it responded to her very voice, for no being possessed the strength to draw the enormous weapon. Armed with the gifts and blessings of the Maker, these spirits and more went to face the oncoming hoard of tainted angels. The dark army had marched across the entirety of the Fade, wreaking havoc and leaving naught but pain and ruin in their wake. The corrupting presence had turned them to willing servants to their master. Pride, of course, assumed he was the master, as the fallen emblems obeyed his commands without question. He failed to understand that it was the Unmaker who held their will. The foul changes continued to mar them, and they had long since cast off their dedication to their ideals. They took on new identities, befitting their new enlightened nature. Vengeance was called Sorath, and her armormaster of Rage was called Mastema. Hunger was known as Asmodeus, and the beautiful spirit of Desire was called Lilith. Pride chose Samael, and the humble spirit of Change took the name Samhainn. In naming themselves, they defied the Maker, challenging the idea that he would define their natures any longer. As the dark forces of Pride crossed the Fade, they engaged the loyalist forces on many separate occasions. Many of the rebel forces were cut down by enemy champions, and none were more devastating to their ranks than Valor. With no care for her own safety, the winged champion of bravery and arrogance dove into combat again and again, often wounding even the great spirits themselves. Samhainn came to a conclusion: if she could be turned, he could find no greater tool in his quest for destruction. Samhainn sent couriers along dangerous routes with information regarding a meeting of the rebel leaders, ensuring that they would be taken and their information found out. He carefully laid out a trap, and a test. The spirit may be afraid of danger, in which case Samhainn had no use for her. She may rise to the challenge and be cut down in battle, showing that his current disciples were superior. However, if this reckless spirit were a worthy companion, they would take the bait and overcome the obvious trap, not knowing the cost. As planned, Valor rushed to the place where the dark lords had gathered their combined strength. Samael stood tall in the center, his greatsword Malevolence held in a high guard as the guardian of Bravery flew at them in a blur. Samhainn, clad in the armor of shifting fog and moonlight and holding his weapons Strife and Despair, stood just out of battle. He opened himself to the young spirit, and began to offer her Change. As he allowed his power to flow into the good knight, he used the distraction afforded to begin the destruction of her will. The other dark lords threw themselves into the fray, and began to fall under the living sword that the Maker had entrusted to the bright guardian. Asmodeus pressed too far in his attacks, and his head was cleaved down the center. Mastema was thrown off-balance by the power of his own attacks, and Valor used the opening to slide her swift blade between the plates of his armor. Sorath engaged her for hours, her fury growing, and upon an incredible strike from the blade of creation, the dark spirit’s blade was shattered. Valor held the dread creature close as she ran the blade through her heart, and the malice and hatred in the eyes of Vengeance didn’t fade until long after her body had turned cold. With each kill, Valor felt her power growing. She felt an energy she couldn’t explain, and used it to rush into battle with the terrible beauty of Pride and Desire. What she failed to realize was that Samhainn, the spirit of Change, was being fueled by this struggle of life and death. Samhainn had never encountered such an incredible source of destruction, even through the countless battles prior to this. The great spirits’ dying breaths flowed into the heart of the dark warrior, who in turn fueled his unwitting thrall in her pursuit of greater destruction. Valor aimed a spinning deathblow at Samael’s head, and was only stopped short when Lilith threw herself in front of the blade. The piercing cry of the avatar of Beauty made the whole of creation quake in sorrow. Valor herself was rocked into her heels, and Samael seized the moment to press the attack. They were locked in combat through the night – Valor fueled by the life of creation in her blade, and Samael unable to even acknowledge the possibility of his defeat. Finally, in the grey mist before dawn, Valor began to doubt. She feared for her life, and began to fight more defensively. Samael pressed even harder, sure of his own eventual victory. Samhainn sensed that his time to strike was now. With the fog of night still lingering over the blood-soaked ground, Samhainn stepped forward and focused his will through his dark shield, Despair. He extended to the beleaguered knight one final chance at victory. His power would be hers, and her will would be his. He channeled energy to her, and watched intently as she considered her fate. He saw as her choices passed through her mind, her eyes darting from the dark, silent watcher to the fearsome warrior who would not relent. She closed her eyes for only an instant – and he felt her close the gap to his power. She suddenly pulsed a wave of power that pushed Samael back a full pace. Her eyes opened, full of dark fire and burning with Zealotry. She threw herself at the great father of Pride, and her attacks were faster than his eyes could follow. As the sun began to rise on this new day, Samael’s blood began to fall. A thousand times this strange valkyrie pierced the lord of Arrogance, and yet he did not turn from battle. It wasn’t until she drove him to a knee that his eyes began to dart, as if searching for some escape from this frightful reckoning. His panicked gaze eventually fell on his friend, Change. Samhainn was watching him intently, with what could only be described as a look of… curiosity. Laughter played at the corners of his mouth, but there was no laughter in his eyes. They were hard, disdainful, and cruel. Samael didn’t yet realize, but it was pride he saw in the eyes of Samhainn. He’d never seen that look in another being’s eyes. When he did, he began to tremble, in rage and in fear. Samhainn looked into Samael’s bloodstained face, and his head tilted to the side as his eyes glanced up, and he chuckled softly as if remembering something clever. “Cadivus”, Samhainn said softly, “look at him.” The dark sprite responded, for she knew now that was her name. She lowered her sword slightly and stared into the bruised features of the greatest spirit. “He’s afraid of you Cadivus,” he said. “He’s never been afraid before. He’s never known uncertainty.” The tainted spirit knelt close to the wounded lord, and looked unwaveringly into his eyes as he said, “He is unworthy, Cadivus. He does not deserve his power.” He turned slightly to gaze approvingly at the fierce spirit of Zealotry. “Take it from him,” he said, and smiled. Samael reached out a hand toward Samhainn, struggling to form the words on his lips to beg for mercy, but he found that he was unfamiliar with the act, and as he stuttered erratically Cadivus the Zealot brought her sword down, taking his head cleanly from his body. The head rolled to lay at Samhainn’s feet, the death of the greatest spirit rushing to fill him with a power unrivaled in all of creation. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, and the scent of crushed rose petals filled him with wanton joy. When he opened them again, he turned to face the winged harbinger of Zeal, who stood sword in hand before him. He began to walk towards her, and in a flash of wings and steel she flew at him, but he was unafraid. Her sword struck off of the air near his chest as if she had attacked Mastema’s anvil. Samhainn laughed, pleased at the strength of spirit his new champion had shown. He focused his will on the courageous spirit, and calmed her anxiety, assuring her safety and expressing his pleasure with her. “Where, now, are your challengers, Cadivus? My enemies lay in pieces at your feet. Their power is mine to bestow on another, and there can be no other but you, my Zealot.” Cadivus kneeled instinctively before her new lord, and Samhainn placed his hand on her shoulder. “You will become the greatest of my lieutenants, and together we will destroy all who are unworthy.” Cadivus raised her eyes to meet his, and a dark fire smoldered in them as she quickly nodded her head. Samhainn bid the fledgling demon rise, and as she did his eyes fell to the sword. It had fallen to the ground, the tip blunted from its failed attempt to pierce his evil aura. The force of Life still pulsed within the blade, struggling in vain to prevail against the inevitable. The light of Creation coursed through the full length of the ruined weapon, reflecting off of the pool of blood that had begun to congeal around it. The filth had worked its way into the hilt, staining the grip red with the lives it had taken. The pommel stone had shattered upon the last fateful impact, and the crimson rivulets had worked quickly to cake over the entirety. The arm of Creation had been laid low, and it could not have been more beautiful to the dark lord of Death. The demon knight bent to retrieve the faded gift of the Maker, and as he wrapped his hand around the slimy hilt, he felt the force of Good burn against his hand. He gritted his teeth and forced the Will of Evil into the weapon, suppressing its essence. “A warrior deserves a weapon of Strength, not this weak offering,” Samhainn growled. He turned and surveyed the corpses of the other spirits, slain by the blade and beginning to stiffen. The power of Life pulsed in the blade, fighting the confines of the sanguine prison, and begging for release. The foe of Creation considered the forms arrayed around him and smiled slightly as he held the sword firmly with both hands, and then in a devastating strike, drove the point deep into the ground, spraying bloody earth in a shower that covered the bodies in defiled mud. He gripped the hilt tightly, and forced his Will upon the living essence of the sword, torturing it into submission and bending it to his awful desires. The tainted power flowed out from the blade in red veins through the mud and filth, and when they reached the sleeping shapes of the fallen, they caused trembling Unlife to spring forth. Silent, bruised flesh began to shake with jerking, unnatural movements like tangled marionettes. Glazed eyes stretched wide in perpetual horror, seeming to search for something they could never find. Mouths agape, they made no sound but a strained, whispered scream, as a hard winter wind causing an old house to shudder and creak in the night. Like rag dolls in reverse, they began to disentangle themselves from the indignity in which death had posed them. One by one, the stiffened joints of the deceased righted themselves, collecting their displaced appendages, and stood rigidly before the master of Death. He smiled, surveying his small army. His gaze found the hulking shape of what was once his master armorsmith. “Mastema, do your bones yet know the rage of the scorned?” he jeered. He pulled the marred weapon from the ground, its light dimmed in submission. “See what your hatred can work in this,” he called, as he tossed the blade to the ground before the hulking abomination. The impact caused a spray of death and dirt to further soil the giant, who knelt to retrieve the weapon. His eyes filled with pain as the life essence began to burn him, and they quickly turned to hate. He grasped the blade by point and hilt, uttering a ghastly groan. The lights in the blade began to race faster and faster as the artisan of malice tested its limits, and then with a mighty heave, he shattered the blade, causing a flash of light and pain. The lights in the blade slowed down and dimmed -- the forces of Creation clearly subdued and broken. “Can you do something useful, then? Or do you just plan on breaking things?” asked Samhainn. Mastema gathered the shards of the weapon carefully. The dread smith raised his eyes, a foul joy present in his face, and he nodded. Filling himself with new purpose, he busied himself with the task of gathering what he needed for his craft. He began firing his forge and preparing iron to be turned to steel, filling his furnace with wood and corpses. When the flames began to stretch out and peel the flesh off of the lumbering craftsman, he began smelting the ore, burning all of the impurity of element from the blade, while instilling an impurity of purpose. With a demonic glee, he cast the shattered pieces of the Living sword into the forge, cackling as the lights began to frantically search for escape, and then melted into the unclean ore, the dim gleam of Creation fading into a flat, lifeless gray. When the foul steel had been wrought, the smith began the work of forging a blade fit for a bringer of Death. He turned the steel again and again, folding his hatred into the metal itself as he brought his hammer down, and then returning the shard to his forge, feeding it with flames and his Rage. For days he continued, relentlessly working the metal into a form of nightmare, slowly breaking the resolve of the steel and torturing it into a vicious, curved scythe. He quenched the blade in rotting blood, and continued tempering it in the poison fire of his furnace, instilling in the tool spite and contempt for any living thing. When the raw form was completed, the master flayed the flesh from fallen spirits, using their tanned hides to wrap the haft of the blade with their pain. The demon lord of Anger worked a razor edge into the blade, grinding the dark metal until it could cleave a skull without making a sound. The pommel was detailed in bones, and into the blade itself the great smith etched the outline of a wilted, broken rose. The weapon of legend, Corruption, was complete. Samhainn set the remaining ghouls to their tasks leading contingents of the evil forces, their undead strength brought to bear on the legions of spirit loyalists. As Samhainn cut through the lines of the enemy forces, smiting them with ease, he began to turn the forces of life to his ends, raising the slain spirits to fight against their compatriots. These enslaved husks had no will but that of the Unmaker, their spirits caged inside a prison of death and decay. Samhainn cut through the Fade, building a wave of Undead to crash against the Golden City. The spirits of creation were pushed back by the relentless onslaught of Death. Not all of the undead were fit for combat, though. Many spirits had their appendages pulverized or crushed, and could no longer fight. Those bodies that could be scavenged to create whole beings were used to form unholy Constructs, their stitched, hulking bodies set to the task of destruction and disease. The first of the constructs was Pride, whose headless body became a junction of disfigured carcasses and limbs, his once glorious form now an ugly, shapeless mass of flesh and filth. Fallen combatants’ ruined forms were stitched, tacked, strapped, and bolted onto his own until he was a forest of rotten bones and flesh, animated by the hellish magic of the Unmaker. In battles with the enemy forces, his mangled corpse was hacked at viciously, strewn about the battlefield, and reconstructed nightly. His hideousness grew until he became unrecognizable, his spirit forced to endure pain that no creature had ever known. Bent to the will of Samhainn, he shambled into war without hesitation, a reeking pustule of undeath upon the plane of existence, a weapon of shame and fear. Samhainn’s forces continued their slow crawl across the Fade, clashing with the minions of Light in countless battles. Though Samhainn’s ranks were thinned, they were always replenished by the dead loyalists, or reconstructed into foul monsters of blight. Over time, the taint of Chaos and Evil began to seep into the soil itself, and as the forces of Life were forced to retreat to the safety of the Golden City, the outlying Fade began to change, mirroring the beings to which it had been ceded. The landscape, once bright and vibrant, became harsh and bleak. A ruddy tint began to spread through the land, and the soil began to seem like burnt blood, and the sky appeared tinged with ash. Trees stood as petrified memorials to the land that used to be, and no life took forth to greet the sun in the morning. What had once been the seat of all Creation had become a scorched, haunted shell, inhabited by the dead and the deathbringers. After lifetimes of unending battle, Samhainn could finally see the piercing glare of the Golden City over the horizon. The cleansing light of the Maker’s capitol burned his skin and blinded his eyes, and his stomach turned as he beheld the pristine walls and graceful towers. Averting his eyes from the glorious fortress, he searched his ranks for his favored lieutenant. Swooping low over the ground, Cadivus touched down before him, responding to his very will. She held the scythe Corruption upright before her, taller than she by several hands and still crusted with the dried combatants from the previous day’s battle. She winced as she beheld the great stronghold, but she said nothing. Her eyes turned to meet Samhainn’s, and he could sense her doubt. “If the spirit of Valor is cowed by this sight,” thought Samhainn, “then what is the resolve of my armies? How can I expect them to charge where Courage flees?” The dark spirit strode to the top of the hill, the light of Life baking his body, engulfing him in the swell of Creation. He steeled himself against the onslaught of holiness, and turned to see his forces arrayed before him. The eyes of his demon army filled him with arrogance, and then contempt for any who might stand in the way of such ruthless and powerful creatures. He began to laugh, first a chuckle, building slowly until he released an unbridled roar of derisive cackles, challenging the heat on his back. He turned his face into the light, throwing his arms wide and aiming his greatsword Strife at the battlements. He cried out his taunt to the sky mockingly, his will lending a power to his voice that made it heard by all the forces arrayed behind him, and those in the beaming city. “Burn brightly while you may, little Light, for the night has come to lay you to rest; to cover your lands with shadow and silence, and turn your merriment into fear. Seize this day to shine, for your time has grown short, and soon the dark will drown your laughter in tears. Take solace in your freedom, for it is fleeting, and soon the music of your joy will be overpowered by the lamentation of your innocence, stripped bare and ravaged before your eyes.” As the paragon of Chaos bellowed his tirade at the amassed armies of Creation, the legions of undeath and plague began to move forward. Swelled by their hatred and bolstered by their pride, they began to feed on their master’s hunger for Death. Samhainn continued his rallying call. “Do not flee, Champions of Good - stand tall! - for when the sun sets you will stand no more, and your broken bones will afford you no pride, your rent flesh no dignity in your eternal slumber. When your haunted dreams torture your damned souls, you will know you cherished your beloved city to the end, until it was turned out into the dark night like the bruised corpse of a well-used whore: broken, ruined, and useless - never to know the warmth of life again. Your proud battlements will be laid low, your great towers toppled to the bloodied streets below.” The forces of evil, now sensing their lord’s will, began to charge, closing on the Great Spirit’s hilltop, where he had not yet ceased his challenge to the Maker’s heart. “Waste not these moments, and use them wisely, knowing they will not come again. Bold flame of life, you cannot escape -- Change has come to make you his own. Your death has been a certainty since the day you first saw the light, and it has arrived.” The demon forces drew even with their dread Unmaker, seething hatred rolling off of their ranks like a red mist. The light of the city did not hinder their progress any longer. Where the minions of Death tread, now only shadows fell, as Samhainn drew in his power for one final cry. “Burn! Throw caution to the wind and burn, little light, for this day is your last! On this day, Death has come for you!” His birth was initially a mystery. plopped on the Flaming Brand's doorstep, they decided, after brief deliberation, to raise him as one of their own. he lived within the order's code: the flame must not burn too brightly, or too low. that meant neutrality in everything he did, trying to find balance between heaven, hell and earth, trying to find balance between mind, body and soul, and trying to find balance between the orders fighting styles which emphasized control, and his own innate fury. As he grew, he didn't make too many friends at the monastery, but the few that he did have, he was fiercely loyal to. the first, his teacher and the one that had taken responsibility for him, was Krag, a venerable old codger who'd all but mastered the order's techniques. there was Bons, his amiably lighthearted friend, who was the closest thing he had to a brother. and there was Marie, a girl from the village at the base of the cliffs. She raised the closest emotion to love he'd ever experienced, her presence even awoke his orcish, primal side. he never acted on it, the sentiment terrified him, but he still enjoyed her company regardless. His life had been the quiet life of an initiate. morning meditations, afternoons of martial training, followed by evenings of quiet education, or in his case, sneaking off to the village to spend time with Marie. she taught him a fair deal. her family lived as "hunters", though the nearest license station was 2 weeks away by cart. he never asked into it. she taught him the ways of the wild, how to hunt, how to survive. eventually, a quiet love blossomed, and every moment he spent behind his studies felt like torture, and every moment with her was bliss. His absence showed, not directly, but in his initiation results. the council was agreed in it's decision concerning the test. he'd excelled in the physical and spiritual aspects of his test, having beaten every opponent to the ground, and having stared down the holy flame. but when it came time to review his intellectual development, they found him severely lacking. they decreed that they were sorry, but since he had shown an imbalance, they would sacrifice him to the sacred flame. Sadly, though he was not destined to die, the monastery was doomed. in the foothills, a band of gnoll raiders had seen the monastery, and decided it would be theirs. they descended from the foothills, wielding stolen blades and howling war cries to the sky. the monks tried to fight back, or to flee, but the horde cut them all down. All except Char. The order had locked him in the basement of the monastery, the door of which was concealed by clever means. the gnolls had not been thorough in their pillaging of the place. When Char came to, he decided he didn't particularly like the idea of being burned alive, and decided to escape the draconian restrictions of the monastery, to rebel against any who would try to restrict him. all those thoughts vanished when he saw the devastation. everything he'd ever known was broken. the libraries, the trees, the walls, the vaulted ceiling, all had turned to rubble and ashes. all that remained was the stone brazier, lit with the still burning sacred flame that had burned since the monastery's founding, 112 years ago, and a case of scrolls hidden behind it, scrolls that contained the founding scriptures of the order. still numb from the shock, he opened the case and read the first scroll he grabbed. on it, only the simple phrase "there is neither joy nor sorrow, only the inner flame." he sighed, and tossed the scrolls in the fire. then a crazy idea entered his head. swiftly, and with no hesitation whatsoever, he dove into the flames. the flames seared his skin for a brief moment, then sputtered out. he emerged, and saw that where he should have been horribly burned, he saw only a scar in the shape of his order's symbol on his chest. he marveled at this curiosity, when a pack of gnoll scavengers returned into view for one last scrounge. instantly, a well of rage sprang within him, and his hands erupted into flames. his eyes glowed red, and his scar burned again with the sacred flame. his strikes incinerated them before his fists even made contact. he fled the mountain, and joined the fleeing villagers. he took solace in the fact that Marie had survived, and that the gnolls had seemingly ignored the village in their bloodlust. when he told his story to the villagers, they pitied him, until they heard of the joining of the flames. they were terrified, and ordered him to be separated from the group. they considered him a risk. only Marie followed him in his exile, to where, they did not know. they still wander together to this day. they roam, searching for god-knows-what in this lonesome world, still side by side. Born, and raised to toddler age, in a Gnome Quarter of a otherwise human city. During an attack by a warlord's forces, The entire populace of the city was killed, leaving Posh the only survivor. For weeks, Posh walked the streets of the dead citizens, finding what little food was left behind by the attackers. As Posh grew weak from lack of proper nutrition and care, he began imagining things. He imagined the corpses getting up and walking the streets. He began talking to them as if they were still living. They told him he wasn't alone anymore. And that he'd never have to be alone again. Posh reached a point where it was difficult for him to find food, and quickly became ill, after eating rotted meat from a horse. In his fevered state, Posh wondered why no one was coming to help him and he began yelling at his dead, rotting parents to get up, but they wouldn't listen, and that made him angry. His fear and anger, mixed with his arcane connection passed down from his father, began to manifest a magical energy. Posh focused on this energy and molded it into the thing he believed he needed most....a protector. Posh's new Protector, which Posh named Bulwark, carried him from the city. After hours of being carried, Posh slipped into a deep sleep. When he awoke, Posh was being nursed back to health in a temple of Folgrit. Once stable, Posh was placed in an orphanage. He was not treated well by the other children. Posh didn't see his protector for many years. Only when a new master took control of the orphanage, and began beating the non-human children, did Bulwark return. As Posh was receiving lashings, Bulwark appeared and killed the master. Posh then left the orphanage fearing his safety after the masters death. Posh sought out a small group of sorcerers to aid him in understanding where his protector was from. He studied under these men for a few years, learning to summon many things, including Bulwark. Posh then set out on his own, experimenting with summoning and controlling undead creatures, like the ones he believed he saw as a child. Posh's goal is to seek out eternal life. Because living things can be killed, and dead things can be controlled, he doesn't want anyone to have that power over him. His birth was seeing as a blessing among his community. A gift from Melora herself for generations of continued worship. After years of religious studies Beatus was sent out on his mission when he turned 13. He was tasked with journeying to a far off land to spread the word of Melora and to convert people to her worship. Following the visions granted to him by his Angelic guide, Beatus travelled from village to town, town to city, before settling in the city capital. There he worked hard for several more years and established the very first temple to Melora. He met a girl, fell in love and was to be married. Unfortunately the wedding day never came as Beatus received another vision, a dark vision of corruption and evil. He was to seek it out and destroy it. It pointed him to another continent across the sea and so Beatus stuck to his duty to Melora and set sail, after hiring a ship and bringing along many volunteers in the religious community. He left his beloved behind and promised that upon his return they would marry. Disaster struck at sea as the ship was attacked by pirates. Beatus found himself trapped beneath debris and watched as the crew, the captain, and his friends were all murdered ruthlessly. He awoke at night on a beach in this new land they had sailed to. Alone. The sole survivor. This recent turn of events had him questioning everything about his faith. He had given Melora everything she had asked for. Her followers grew in number exponentially because of him yet he never received anything in return. He never asked for anything and didn't necessarily want for anything either but why would she send him on a voyage like this only to fail so catastrophically. No, he didn't even get a chance to fail or succeed in his mission. Everyone he brought with him was dead. The mission was over before it had begun. Lost and alone Beatus wandered for days before finally discovering civilisation. Upon reaching the city he introduced himself as Ben Smith. His faith now broken, Ben Smith ignored any new visions. He stopped in his worship to Melora, and he never returned home. Everyone that knew him before would believe Beatus died at sea. Over the next few years Ben got back on his feet and set up a business. A Private Investigation business. Still wanting to help people in any way he could Ben found he had a knack for this line of work. He accepted payment in whatever form a client could offer. Gold, silver, or even just the promise to pay it forward was enough for Ben to help those in need. He still receives visions from his guide every now and again but he soon realised he could silence them with a spot of alcohol. He keeps his hair a bit unkempt and dirty, has found a way to disguise the true colour of his eyes and waves off the paleness to his skin to be a result of always working during the night. To anyone that knows Ben Smith, he's a human. Nobody knows his past or true nature. Really excited to play as this character on Sunday. So far only the DM and I know that he's an Aasimar. Everyone else thinks I'm being really boring with my race and name choice. Gawain Lindhold was born in a town of halflings from human parents he never knew. He was raised by a loving halfling family and he grew up as a tall, muscular and strong man. He was way taller and stronger than all of his peers and would usually do harsh labour for his parents, who worked as blacksmiths. Nonetheless, he has always been the gentle giant everyone loved and grew up embracing the ideals of honour and justice which filled the few books he ever wanted to read. One day, a halfling lord who was discussing the shape and decorations of his own to-be sword with his parents, suggested them to train their son, to make him a strong warrior. Gawain was trained by a famous elven swordsman and became one of the most skilled warriors of the region. Soon after, the halfling lord who paid for the lessons, took him as personal bodyguard. Years passed and Gawain got older, loved by almost everyone, living a relatively normal life. When he was in hia forties, something changed: there was a riot in his lord's lands and he was called to suppress the rebels. He then realized what the life out of the court was like: people lived in misery, the heavy taxes imposed by their lord made them hungry. It was not a rebellion, it was despair. Following his ideals of cavalry, took part in the rebellion and with his small company of farmers overthrew the halfling lord. He was banned from the country, and the King of the Far Islands (the region) sent many assassins to kill him, none of which came back to be rewarded. Gawain fled, and sailed to the continent, where he found a black rock in a hole in the ground. A rock he had never seen, but that was much like iron in weight and shape. He used a part of that rock to forge a sword for himself, a huge, towering black sword, which carries on his back. Then his adventurer life began, and Gawain decided to become the Errant Knight of Justice he always wanted to be. Many years ago, in a secluded tower far from civilization, there was a crazed-yet-ingenious wizard/artificer bent on discovering the secrets of the druids. Already personally rejected from speaking with any in the Druidic Circles, she decided to build an automaton to infiltrate their ranks. Outwardly, nobody would be able to tell it was anything other than a common elf. Inside, however, was an intricate array of magical parts and gears for smooth movement, self defense and even some manner of shapeshifting. Most significantly, though, was the creation's "heart": a living fey's soul captured at a terrible price and ensnared inside a cube-shaped crystal, which would fuel the construct and give it the power of speech. Construction took years, and with every passing month, the mage became even more obsessed with her goal, even more paranoid that those filthy vagabonds were hiding a wealth of knowledge from her. In time, the deranged artificer neared the completion of her project. The only thing left was crafting her automaton's final outward disguise--a grisly project that involving killing and skinning her poor assistant, a young half-elf who was too infatuated with her to see her madness. She merely had to wait for the unwitting apprentice to return from purchasing the very leatherworking supplies she'd tan his hide with, and her creation would be complete. However, the wizard would never live to see her golem come to life. That night, a powerful and ferociously angry fey being stormed through the wizard's tower. The captured fey's soul, it seemed, had friends, and this friend had been searching for her lost companion for years. With a single word, the artificer was obliterated, her body torn apart to line the walls of her lab. The fey then turned her destructive attentions to the dormant construct, but realized in horror how her friend's soul was bound to the new body. Breaking the golem would dissipate the captured soul inside, effectively killing it. Grief-stricken and unwilling to deal the final blow, she instead increased the strength of the binding, giving the automaton a true spark of life and unlocking some power of the soul contained within. While the memories of the bound soul were forever lost when it was first captured, at least this way it wouldn't be completely destroyed. The mourning fey then dropped the automaton deep in the forest, where it was more than suited to survive. The golem briefly activated from the fall just as she departed (which it would later recall as its first memory: "a bright flash and wailing in the treetops, then darkness"), then once again fell dormant. Decades later, a falling tree branch tripped the golem's activation switch. Shaking off years of moss and forest growth, it took its first wobbling steps out into the world. During a quick inspection of its hardware, the being found the letters "AN:VI-L" engraved in its chassis. With little else to go off of, it adopted the word as its name. More mysterious, however, were the missing mission directives his mental framework told him should have been there. Unbeknownst to ANVIL, the initial magical surge from his awakened soul had scrambled his artificial mind into something more resembling a living creature's, but at the cost of most of his old programming. Time and the elements had done the rest. The only familiar directive that survived was an order to "find other druids." Running at the same priority level, though, was also a strong desire to protect the natural world—a lasting echo of the fey's soul locked inside him. Unsure of which path to take or how to accomplish these two goals, ANVIL started wandering the forest. With the knowledge that he was built with a greater purpose in mind, even if he can't remember it, he travels to find some evidence that may jog his memory and answer the questions surrounding his origin. He was a barber in the city of Northwatch, practicing his quiet trade in his quiet quarters. He had noticed that there were more drug-addled citizens in gutters than usual, but that wasn't his business. He was a respectable man and didn't stoop to speculating on other people's activities. However, a masked figure with bardic abilities arrived at his shop with a few followers. This figure showed Luke the nature of the drug called Heart’s Blood, or – less fancifully – Dregs. It was essentially the toxic byproduct of a potion-brewing process that had a hard addictive property and a physically devastating effect on its users. Enraged, Luke agreed to house the group in secret until they were able to cut off the supply of this drug. While the group stayed above the barbershop, their leader taught Luke the beginnings of bardic magic, something for which it turns out he had a bit of talent. Eventually, the group discovered that Cardinal Bratton, of the Church of Crown Glory, was responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Dregs in this area of the country. They proposed to make a move against him, but one of their members was caught before they could put their plan into motion. The town guard were coming for Luke as well as the others, and the masked man said that it would not be right to abandon their host in this way. He gave Luke a scroll of Greater Invisibility to get him safely out of town, then fled himself. Luke, though quiet, was a man of great conviction. He snuck through the streets he knew so well, then used the scroll just outside the cardinal’s estate. He used this magical concealment to get inside the cardinal’s room and bring the man to a just end: Luke’s razor. Taking the cardinal’s hat as a trophy, Luke escaped into the night and ran from the city. Since then, Luke has kept running. He has grown a goatee and wears the former cardinal’s hat (modified quite a bit) to cover his thinning hair. He is now Lucius, a dexterous entertainer and daring strategist. He isn’t strong, but he is fast and smart and – when the occasion arises – brutal. Chutney Underbrush was, until very recently, the owner and sole proprietor of The Tiny Mug Tavern and Inn. It's been in his halfling family for generations. At the Tiny Mug, Chutney has served the last 80 years as half businessman and half showman, using his skills as a singer and storyteller to delight patrons and keep them spending money. With all that practice, and with the help of some friendly adventurers through the years, he's even learned to turn those songs into a few spells, making him the world's least traveled bard. Since the business can't run itself, Chutney hasn't seen much of the world, and never married, instead letting the smiles and applause of his patrons satisfy his need to belong. Except for Aldriina. She came to the inn decades ago, a mystery to everyone in town. She stayed at the mug, and her elven beauty caught Chutney's eye. He was still young then, as was she, and they were drawn to each other, Chutney longing for the life he knew she'd lead away from his tiny inn, and Aldriina wishing she could disappear into a steady, quiet life alone. But after just a few days, she left, gone right from under his nose, leaving only the smell of her perfume from an empty vial. But that was nearly a century ago. While he was heartbroken at first, the pain faded though the memory did not. Now, at age 130, a new kind of heart sickness has taken hold. Chutney recently recovered from a near fatal attack of angina and has questioned his entire existence. 130 years in the same town, at the same tavern, telling the same stories about heroes and villains and heartbreak and Valor. Enough was enough; it was time for a change. Papers were drawn up and The Tiny Mug left the ownership of the Underbrush family for the first time in two centuries. Chutney is going to get out of town and spend the last years of his life becoming one of the heroes he's always sung about, and just maybe find Aldriina. All he needs is for one more party of adventurers to walk through the door of The Tiny Mug... Marud d'chauncy was a con artist who had drifted around town from town for most of his life, being a general n'er do well, when in a game of "chance" he won a wizard's spare spell-book, he cracked it open and realized he actually had bit of a knack for this magic stuff, but he knew no-one would take him seriously, so he crafted up the persona of Seer Charles Di'finlay of the western isles, seer to kings and queens alike. he used this persona to live a life in the upper class, and used his divination talents to gain an edge while telling the lords and ladies only the parts they wanted to hear about their future. however nothing could last forever, and when a baroness saw her way into his pants, and was caught, he quickly exited stage left. he now has a bounty on him and is in general hiding with adventuring parties to earn enough gold to clear his name, as well get some extra for himself. Murzoch was a gleeman for the royal court of The Demon Lord of Despair, Rakanoth. He'd often play melancholy tunes that inspired depression and apathy in any who listened. His heart was a poetic void, lonely and mournful until he had fallen for Rakanoth's daughter, Lilith. When Rakanoth found out because Murzoch's greatest friend, Crok, went behind his back and alerted him, he was furious, exiling Murzoch to earth where he'd spent the last 880 years of his life. He'd seen civilizations rise and fall passively, moving like reeds in the wind. He'd had trust issues ever since Crok, but when he rescued his new best friend Gartank from the gladitorium, his outlook on life changed gradually. Now, his time for pacifism and sulking is up. Earth has become his home, so he will do whatever he can to protect and preserve its integrity, and perhaps even find a way back to Lilith, or prove to Rakanoth that he's worthy of his daughter's court. The basic jist is that he grew up in a down with high disparity of wealth, the poor were constantly working and budgeting for food while anyone with money was living the high life. Prolder grew up being a rowdy boy and got into a fair amount of trouble in the city, but he never did anything serious like cripple someone so he was always generally released. He was essentially forced out of town since nobody but his friends and parents would socialize with him, so he made a little hut in the outskirts of the town and became a hunter for himself in a nearby forest. People still didn't trust Prolder living so close, and the richer population pushed the Lord of the town to lock up Prolder permanently or remove him somehow. The Lord was hardly concerned with him, Prolder had never been a murderer or a serious delinquent like some of the current criminals locked up, so the Lord ended up just conscripting Prolder into a surveying mission to the North. Trained for about a month with a sword, he was given basic armor and put into a small group of 20 ish soldiers and they marched north, a could of surveyors charting out the land around them. After a couple months into their journey, Prolder and the other soldiers were attacked by a bandits. Most of the soldiers being pretty young and insociable, they couldn't organize well and were killed by the much better prepared bandits. Prolder was able to play dead and hide under a couple of fellow soldiers. Once the attack was over and he was sure everyone left, he got out of the pile and began aimlessly wandering, hoping to find his way home, but during his walks he eventually came across the Forbidden Graveyard. Summoned by the recent slaughter of the soldiers, bandits, and surveyor deaths, the inter dimensional Forbidden Graveyard opened its gates to one who was essentially dead, no records of him existing left other than word of mouth. He walked through the graveyard, looking at all the different headstones until he came across an enormous gate left ajar. Prolder peered through the gate, which was the barrier between the world of the living and the dead. He gained clarity on the processes of life, death, and rebirth all in this small visit, the knowledge of this all washing over him. He was given a choice by the grave, accept his fate and cross over into the land of the dead or return to the world of the living as a Graveborn and help escort lost souls into the afterlife. Prolder wanted to live and decided to work for the Forbidden Graveyard. He walked into the pitch black of the night and came out changed from his experiences. It took weeks of travelling to hone his magical powers, but he was eventually able to manifest the powers of the graveyard into his palm and manipulate it. Prolder's main goal is to escort the substitute for his soul into the afterlife, the Lord that forced him into service will be sent in payment in return for the truths and powers given to him. The character mainly plays on decpetion, as he's essentially lied his way through most of his encounters. He's seeking revenge and payment, but plays it off as finding a way home since he got lost. He explains his powers as powers bestowed to him by a Wizard on accident during an experiment rather than the more ghastly truth. Cathal Silverwood grew up in the small town of Drinkleaf. He is the son of a Cobbler. His parents, Aeden Silverwood(father) and Aiofe Silverwood(mother) raised him well, and although he got up to a few mischiefs as a youth, he developed into a valuable member of the community. One of the key moments in his life was his acceptance as the apprentice to Cowan, the head ranger and woodsman of Drinkleaf. The ranger had chosen him after witnessing his defence of a young girl from a trio of bullies. Several years of training in and around the nearby forest passed, Cowan teaching him how to track not only the beasts of the forest, but also the more elusive elves that resided there, and Cathal grew. One day, as Cowan was considering promoting Cathal to full ranger, he got word that the lad had come under attack defending a young woman near the forest, Cowan and several towns folk rushed to his aid, only to find him helping the young lady up, flanked by two dead Gnolls. Cowan had made his decision. The townsfolk were jubilant in celebration of Cathal's heroics and promotion, His father's business boomed as people came to his shop so they could talk about their town hero. A few months passed, Cowan took on a new apprentice and Cathal had taken a post as a full fledged ranger. Cowan took him to the side one day and told him he was wasting his talents in such a small town, that he needed to go out and see the world, get a taste for adventure, develop as a person and as a ranger. Cathal enthusiastically agreed, and a week later he had gathered what possessions he saw fit, said his goodbyes and left the only home he had ever known. Sir Kagrok the Hairy, Orc Paladin from the island merchant republic of Dalirr. Also, he is an honoured and well-respected member of the Knights of the Great Wall of Text, so be prepared: Kagrok's ancestors, a pretty big tribe of orcs with numerous clans amongst them, lived in a big, arid steppeland called the "Great Plains" (Because historians, no offense, tend to be uncreative when naming things). One day, an orc chief had a surprisingly bright child (Some scholars suggest that the child was a half-orc), who was not only wise and cunning, but fairly charismatic as well. He told his peers that living in the Great Plains was, pretty much, kind of lame and tiring, and that they should try to integrate into civilized society instead. The orcs, tired of scraping and raiding to get by, miraculously listened to him. He led these orcs across the sea to the republic of Dalirr, known for its openmindedness and liberal political climate, and the orcs gained entry to the city and became citizens. However, both the orcs and the current (human) citizens of Dalirr had a pretty huge culture shock, which developed into racism on both sides (Orcs got a pretty bad rep, ya know?). One thing led to another and the orcs ended up living in a ghetto, isolated from the rest of the city. Fast forward about five decades. An orc boy named Kagrok, son of an apprentice sorceror with no formal training and a blacksmith, grows up in this ghetto, seeing how the humans treat the orcs like brutal monsters, and the orcs either take it, or retaliate by beating up humans. Kagrok's father's business as a blacksmith suffers because few orcs have any jobs or money, and few humans want to buy from him. The few orcs that -can- buy from his father want him to forge them weapons so they can arm themselves against the humans, which Kagrok's father doesn't like the sound of. So the young orc (despite not being all that dull for an orc) grows up with no real education other than what his wise-woman mother can teach him, instead working or stealing where-ever he can to support his family. One day at about age 14, he decides to sneak outside the ghetto the orcs live in, to try and see if he can beg or steal some food in the market, or perhaps hide and wait until someone drops something (The poor kid isn't bright). Being an incredibly clumsy child, and being like a black sheep in snow amongst humans, he is discovered the moment he sneaks into the marketplace, and he is promptly chased out by a mob of people, who yell at him that his kind should stay in the slums where they belong. Again, being clumsy as heck, he eventually stumbles and falls, and a couple of boys gang up on him and start beating him up for fun. Kagrok, at first, tries to get away, but eventually decides he's had enough, manages to get on his feet, and dislodges one of the kid's jaws with a well-placed orcish punch. The kids run away, screaming for their moms to save them from the "monster". Kagrok stands dumbstruck, not realizing how they can see him as a monster when all he did was defend himself and they were clearly in the wrong. He thinks about it for several minutes, and it slowly dawns on him that the kids thought he was evil from the start, that what they were doing was just, and that him punching them simply confirmed that suspicion, and dug the trenches of mutual hatred deeper. The solution, he realizes, isn't to keep taking vengeance at one another. Suddenly realizing there may be people looking for him, he decides to bolt, but before he can run away he is approached by one of the city priesthood. (who are dedicated to a homebrew True Neutral goddess of Destiny, who promarily act as guides and wise men trying to help people find their calling, be it good, evil, lawful or chaotic) The priest has been casting numerous detection spells on the orc boy while observing the whole ordeal from a distance, and to his surprise, he hasn't found any evil. Only a burning desire to help end his people's suffering and poverty, and now also to help the humans realize that not all orcs are evil, is found in the young boys heart. And though he is as agile as a rock and relatively weakly-built, he is most certainly strong. As the priest starts asking Kagrok questions about what happened, he realizes that the boy, while dull, is not lacking of wisdom, and that his rhetoric, while crude, is on point. The priest then offers to introduce him to one of the paladin orders in the city, and ask them to let him apply for training. Eleven years later, the now-adult Sir Kagrok, the one whom many would call the first orc paladin in history finishes his training, having learned to read, write, fight and even sing (To a degree...). Called many friendly nicknames by his paladin peers like Sir Kagrok the Clumsy, the Frail or the Hairy, he is determined to prove for all to see that orcs can be good people too, and to destroy the biases and racism between orcs and humans. Not by violence, but by example. The most important part of  A few nights later the party had to leave, but not before dedicating a temple in the center of town to St. Cuthbert, and arranging for clerics and acolytes from the nearest citadel to come protect the island and instruct it's inhabitants. Dhakarim "Akari" Makkon, 17. An Eidon Human (kingdom) of low caste. His parents are deep sea spear fisherman, Riyaal Makkon; and netweaver/fishing spear maker Aneesa Makkon. He is the only child because of the One Child Per Family law. They live in the slums of the Cooke districts near the Mauian sea. Akari is the leader of a group of four thieves called the Shadowstriders who are known for their parkour skills and ingenuity. They also employ capes with collapsible frames which enable the user to glide silently through the air from great heights. These capes were invented by one their members, Yuen Fang (half-orc), daughter of a clockmaker (human). The other two members are brother & sister: Dagon and Siduri Jashur (Halflings), children of a meatpie and barbecue street vendors, Agga & Eulli Jashur. Their goal is to gain the attention of Wu Law (Half-Elf), boss and leader of the so-called Saffron crime families (Elves). So that they can elevate their family's social class and status by joining their syndicate. They do this by doing small-time jobs such as stealing from wealthy merchants and politicians. They also help distribute food and coin to help out those struggling in their community. Mostly, they are ignored; not taken seriously. Until it is discovered that Riyaal, Akari's father, had built up a large gambling debt to the Saffrons. Law sends thugs to collect the debt with Riyaal's life. Akari begs for mercy upon his father. Law's head enforcer, Ryushi Iraya (elf), will spare Riyaal's life if Akari will complete an impossible task. Steal a lockbox from the stronghold of a wealthy jewelry merchant/metalsmith, Lerag'as D'fel (Drow). Akari agrees despite Riyaal's protests. Iraya breaks Riyaal's legs as warning. Later that week, the Shadowstriders receive word of a banquet held in honor of Cooke's law enforcement and fire fighters. They agree that is when they will strike. Other than a brief scuffle with D'fel's guards, the crew make out with the lockbox by jumping off a newly constructed watch tower. The strongbox contains something called the Blood Amulet which contains a large red ruby set in carved obsidian. It was the symbol of power of an ancient mercenary king whose name is lost to time. Thought to be a ruby, actually is a Dyvyan Crystal which grants great power. After delivering the lockbox to Iraya, Riyaal was forgiven his debts and the Shadowstriders were given special position as spies and thieves. In a few months Law used the amulet to kill off his enemies, some ambitious family members wishing to ursurp his rule, as well as various heads of rival mobs, politicians, and officers. Their families were not spared. Inocents were hurt. Akari felt sick with guilt. So did his friends, though, were scared to leave. Iraya had taken a liking to Siduri and had become more forceful with every encounter. Akari secretly loved her. They were also begining to be ordered to partake in assassinations. Akari himself was ordered to poison a farmer's cattle to begin with because the farmer, Ereus Usther (gnome) refused to sell his land. In that occasion Akari stood frozen at the cattles' watering barrels from night until dawn. He couldn't do it, harm an innocent. The farmer had been watching him the whole time. The farmer finally told him to go home. Akari turned himself in to the police where later he would testify against Law. Officer Machiel Taggart (human) helped Akari through the legal process. His family was placed in the witness protection program since this was a high profile case. He did not know it at the time but he would never see his friends again. Surprisingly, despite Law's newfound monstrousness, he was apprehended with close to no fatalities. Taggart seemed to understand a method to disable the artifact. Law and the majority of his cronies were sentenced to death by phantasmal killer. The only key figure left in the Saffron Mafia was Law's head enforcer, Iraya. He filled the void left by Law. After the trial, Riyaal snuck away from the witness transfer center (motel) for one last dive in his beloved Trident Bay. Unbeknownst to him, Law had ordered a bomb installed onto his boat, 'Dawita's Sigh'. Riyaal was killed before he could even remove his moorings, destroying the Makkon home as well. Before transferring Aneesa and Akari, Taggart sat down with the family and confessed that Akari had been a pawn in a plan to bring down Law. A plan was devised between jewelry merchant Lerag'as D'fel, Saffron head enforcer Ryushi Iraya, and himself. D'fel was being extorted and bullied by Law, forced to pay for "protection" insurance. Iraya had eyes for Law's position and wanted to bring some honor back to the organization, promising to be more cooperative with D'fel and Taggart. Taggart was tired of belonging to a corrupt police force and wanted to clean up the system. Taggart knew of the Makkon men because of Riyaal's gambling and alcohol addictions; and Akari's long list of misdemeanors and his skill in retrieving items virtually undetected and history of wanting in with the Saffron Syndicate. Taggart ordered Riyaal to rack up his debt as high as he can get it before the banquet. Iraya let the seed of rumor of a powerful artifact in D'fel's possession grow in Law's mind and suggested the job when Akari begged for his father's life. D'fel provided the artifact which indeed grant great power. But the obsidian setting was set with evacuation runes which would switch a non-functioning twin in its place. When the pile of charges against him and his family became high enough and suited their needs, D'fel activated the rune to stop his path of destruction. Taggart would ignore that use of magic (illegal) and ownership of magical artifacts (illegal) which eventually would help lift the ban on such items to only being restricted. Iraya was the one that ordered the Shadowstriders grisly jobs to force Akari to snitch on Law. Iraya made sure Akari got to that breaking point with Riyaal's help to psychologically manipulate his son. Later, Taggart would spin the explosion at the Makkon home to include Akari and Aneesa. The bodies of two unknown squatters were found in the home as well. Because Law's final order to his family were to kill the Makkons, Iraya would need to fulfill the order or look weak under his new regime. But he promised not to seek them out if they would never return to Eidon. Taggart got promoted to commissioner. Iraya became head of the Saffron Syndicate. D'fel now has the ability to market and trade magic and magical items. The Makkons got sent to the Meiyochi kingdoms under different identities. Akari and Aneesa became Indra and Nakalta Samra; high-end cutlery shop owners/operators which sells most bladed implements from kitchen knives to bastard swords. This was wonderful news for Aneesa whose secret passion was smithing and bladed weapons. Aneesa named the shop, 'The Heron's Mark' after Riyaal's favorite animal. Indra was enrolled to Shodan Mahou Academia of Battle under a government scholarship. Indra, still haunted by the innocent killings due to his involvement, made a promise to save three lives for every life lost (save 666 lives) and to never kill another being. My world, Berenor, is dying. Either through some natural phenomenon or a cataclysmic failure of magic, no one is certain and such certainty wouldn't change the dire situation. This calamity has become known as the Great Shift. Somehow, the entire mass of the planet has been pushed through the planar mists onto the very edge of the Negative Energy Plane. This proximity to such an alien realm is leeching the life energy from every living thing on the planet and, unless my quest is successful, the last of my clutchmates will perish and the remaining spark of life will fade forever from my home. Berenor had been home to two great and ancient empires. The mystical high elves, in their towering arcane spires on the Endless Plains and the industrious dwarves who excavated great halls inside the heart of the Mountains of Solace. Once the Shift occurred, both nations tirelessly sought a solution to the rapidly diminishing life essence. It soon became unsafe to travel outside of any structure not specially constructed or enchanted to repel the effects of the plane and so, two new races were created out of desperation and necessity. The dwarven solution, born of their natural inclination towards crafting, was a race of living constructs they called the Forged. Inherently resistant to the ebbing effects of the new environment, they quickly became a necessary component in every facet of dwarven society. Which only made their eventual betrayal that much more devastating. Rather than look for a way to continue living on what they saw as a doomed world, the great archmagi of the elves used their vast magical abilities to search for a means of escape. However, shortly into their research, they discovered that the new location of their world made interplanar travel extremely taxing on the traveler, consistently resulting in the deaths of any who tried. To counteract this difficulty, they called upon the might of their greatest magics to create a new species that would be capable of surviving the strenuous journey. The creation efforts were lead by the Lord High Archmage T'Chal and despite his immense powers and knowledge, he soon reached the conclusion that such a feat would not be possible without the aid of a greater power. Contact with the elven pantheon had proved fruitless since the Great Shift but, utilizing the greatest artifacts and most powerful spells at his command, he was able to establish contact with a single deity. He who breathes the flames of life and justice into the void, the great father of all dragons, Bahamut answered T'Chal's desperate pleas. Seeing a world completely absent of the presence of his children, Bahamut was more than willing to help the great wizard and bestowed upon him ten gems. Each glowing with an inner light corresponding to a particular breed of dragon. After an elaborate set of rites and incantations, the gems reformed themselves into massive eggs and following several days of incubation, my brethren and I were hatched. From the moment we were cognizant of our existence, we began rigorous training to prepare ourselves for the perils of the unknown journey we would have to undertake. Those of us more physically capable than others were trained by the finest elven warriors to become soldiers like none other. Others, like myself, who were born with the natural ability to shape magic were put under the direct tutelage of Archmage T'Chal himself. The days were long and the efforts exhausting but, with the fire of our great winged lord burning in each of us, we rose to each challenge and exceeded even the lofty standards of T'Chal. Despite there being only ten of us, I felt no particular kinship to any of my clutchmates except Xarn. Though his crimson scales differed greatly from my onyx armor and his impetuous nature often brought us to blows, we both shared a singular dedication to save our adopted world and our benevolent creators. He being the eldest (having hatched moments before I did) and the strongest, was the natural choice to lead our band and earned the honor to make the first attempt at travel. On the night he was to make his journey, Master T'Chal summoned the two of us to his private chambers for a most disheartening council. The elves had lived in harmony with the dwarven nation for millennia but the creation of the Forged had caused a rift between the two great powers. The elves considered it a grave mistake to introduce such a strange form of life to a world already slipping out of balance, especially considering these new constructs needed neither food, air nor water to sustain themselves. It would only require a handful of the Forged to come to the realization that they didn't need to serve the dwarves to continue their existence and the servants could easily usurp the masters' place. These worst fears were brought to life that night. Standing on the balcony of the Citadel's tallest spire, we could see billowing clouds of noxious vapors swirling above and throughout the Mountains of Solace. When the wind rapidly changed direction toward us, it carried with it the screams of the tortured remnants of the once great dwarven people. Rising in pitch and fury, the screaming gales urged the poisonous clouds toward us like an ominous wave. Lacking any hesitation, Xarn rushed to the teleportation platform and just as the fumes wrapped themselves around the Citadel's outer walls like a smothering blanket, his hand slammed on the activation stone. A column of blinding, white light erupted from the floor at his feet and enveloped him. As the intensity of the light grew his body first became outlined in crimson fire and then quickly turned translucent, seemingly fading away before our eyes. Before he could disappear completely however, the insidious fumes found their way into the chamber. Gases swirled around the column and infused it with a sickly vermillion tint. Xarn's ever confident smirk vanished in an instant, replaced by a howling mask of agony as he shimmered out of existence. As the light dissipated, the only item remaining on the platform was his cherished longsword, which had fallen from his hand in his final moment. T'Chal became a blur of motion and sound as he unleashed a hail of spells. Instantly, a vortex of swirling air rose to meet the poison gas and push it out of the chamber. The doors and windows of the room shrank away to nothing, seemingly consumed by the stones of the surrounding walls. Finally, all of my clutchmates appeared, accompanied by brief claps of thunder to signal their transportations. The exhaustion of it all immediately took its toll on T'Chal and he sank into a chair, falling into a deep sleep not unlike death. For days, we heard the cries of elves not so fortunate as we, who succumbed to the vile gas that continually assaulted our home. On the fourth day everything became silent. On the fifth day, we could hear the disconcerting sounds of metal hands scraping against the ancient stone. It was only a great stroke of luck that T'Chal managed to stir from his slumber. Giving him a few moments to gather his wits I used the time to collect the few items I could bring with me. T'Chal aligned the charging stones in hopes to target the same location Xarn had intended to travel to. If by some miracle Xarn had survived the trip, I would stop at nothing to find him. Before stepping on the platform, T'Chal imparted to me my final instructions. Handing me a purple crystal shard the size of my palm, he explained it was a planar beacon. If I happened upon a safe location on whatever plane I ended up on, I would need to charge the beacon with magical energy of the plane and thrust it into the ground. This would give him a precise targeting location to transport the entire citadel to the new realm. Without a properly fixed and aligned beacon, the citadel would be ripped to pieces in the ethereal crosswinds. I stood on the platform silently preparing myself for the journey. The sixteen years of preparation for this moment seemed like a fleeting instant as I surveyed the forlorn faces surrounding me. Holding Xarn's blade in my left hand, I depressed the activation stone with my right and felt myself become consumed by the blinding light. As the familiar stones of my home slowly faded in the brilliant, pulsing light a wave of nausea washed over me and knocked me to my knees. It was moments before I could rise to my feet. And so my journey begins... Baer Stonekeg was the son of a noble dwarf family who owned and operated Stonekeg brewery. Baer loved to drink the ale and bask in the decadence his family amassed, but he grew tired. He began to learn to fight, and his mentors quickly realized he was quite talented. Baer left his family's estate to fight in a war but when the fighting was over, Baer found he was not. So Baer wondered the land in search of a battle and a worthy cause to lend his Axe to. Eventually the land became peaceful and there was no war to fight, but fight was all Baer could do. He joined a group of mercenaries called the Red Hand and did things he wasn't proud of. It wasn't like war, there was no cause just money. When Baer decided it was time for him to go home, the leaded I'd the red hand would not let him leave. After a long battle Baer struck down his former mentor and boss. When he finally returned home everything was gone. The house and the bar were in rubble and there was no sign of his family. Instead of shedding a tear he left to do the only thing he knew how- fight. Behind him the land dropped hundreds of feet into the ocean. He wandered forward into the city, along spires bridging our world to the stars. He walked below and above intricate webs of lattice. Bridges weaved through the lattice, between the spires - interconnecting these monoliths in clusters of marble and ivory. Dragging his fingertips along the reliefs as he followed the path laid forth, he could feel the atrophy of this world - not only in its physicality, but in its history. This city labored to stand and his presence was its last breath. Among these towers there was no life. No man, nor beast, nor overgrowth. He was all that was and all that would be for as long as this city stood; for however much longer it could stand. He brought his gaze from the small processions of stone people to the sky, allowing the stars to burn into his mind. He fell back into the nothingness and his eyes rolled into place. He listened as the waves and wood met in large acoustic booms. Across wood rot and bilge water, he stumbled forward and up the stairs, emerging from the drum to a crew hard at work. Matco was at the helm, bringing their ship into her port of call. DeWalt had attempted to illustrate the city’s silent beauty to Matco, but his ramblings were dismissed. For three nights Lucienne slept and he visited his alien city, venturing deeper and deeper toward what he believed to be its heart - each morning he woke to map a portion of the sky. Perhaps, he thought, he could navigate to this place and learn of its untold wonders. Perhaps he could find this city's heart, which seemed unattainable in his dreams. His crew would follow him to the ends of the earth for promise of a bit of gold; however, Matco wasn't so naive. On the third day he set sail - the Lucienne short one pair of hands. Their wares grew thin and their captain ceased to emerge from his quarters, leaving instruction only to follow the stars displayed on his map. Weeks passed and the crew thinned as did their confidence in their captain. Unrest was birthed among the crew as they fell into stranger tides. The stars fell in positions they had never before seen. From their unrest spawned spite. He once again found himself within the bones of his lifeless city. With each of its breaths, the lattice crumbled. Fear gripped him for he felt that the one source of life that remained within the city was fading. It would be lost before he could find it. The stars themselves betrayed the motley collection of towers for which they once swore kinship, disappearing and reappearing, shifting among themselves. He opened his eyes to his abortion by The Lucienne and her crew. Left inside a rowboat with a box of rations and a sextant, he continued his voyage. As supplies ran low, he labored to dream. His heart ached to once again return to the city among the stars, but his body and mind slowly and reluctantly began to favor survival. He once again dreamed things which a man might dream, never returning to the city. Boat and body withered, he set down on a large archipelago where he survived first by scavenging, and then with the way of the hunt. It was long after that a ship caught sight of the camp he had set. For a brief moment he mistook the ship's presence for rescue. It was not until he was shackled and put to work, stumbling again in bilge water that he realized the actuality of the situation. Leth'ael was born to a high elf mother and human father nearly forty years ago, though he has no memory of them. He knows only that he was raised by the priests and monks of the church, in the shining, high elven city of Velanthomyr. The priests and monks steadfastly avoided speaking to him regarding his parents, or of how he came to be adopted by the church. Or perhaps they did not know. Either way, he gave up asking decades ago. His name, Leth'ael (meaning "Given of the Gods" in elvish), was bestowed upon him by a paternal, senior member of the clergy, Prefect Xethrym. As the elderly priest had long felt the boy's presence was no mere coincidence. That it was the Gods who sent him to be among them. Even at an early age, it became apparent that he was a uniquely gifted child. All the more striking given his "deluded" blood. And his keen devotion to the faith meant he would likely serve the church for the rest of his life in one manner or another. So it wasn't long before he was inducted into the elite, mysterious Order of the Unseen. There, despite objections from some for his questionable lineage, he trained. Yet even in such an exclusive and demanding faction as the Unseen, he continued to excel. So much so that he would eventually be awarded the esteemed title, Hand of the Gods. A recognition not many Unseen receive. Only the most elite and devoted. Even after graduating, his impeccable skills and devotion would eventually earn him additional bestowed honors within the Order, such as Queen's Shadow and Whispering Blade. And from his peers, singular nicknames such as the Pale Ghost and the White Raven. Though his detractors within the Order would come to call him by a far more derogatory name, the Half-Blood Hand. Leth'ael now serves as a clandestine agent of the high elven church, tasked with eliminating difficult problems and serve the church's interests in delicate matters such that the faith may prevail and flourish. The needs of the church demand it. And Leth'ael knows only to serve. Unquestioningly. I was an apprentice shaman of the Meru tribe of the Dhal Mesh. I learned that I could see the will of the Forest Gods by watching for Omens. This apprenticed me to the tribe shaman, who I only knew as “master.” Under his guidance, I could even summon an Omen with difficulty, but the results were often vague. He showed me prayers to the various Spirits, that they might aid me. I showed promise to become the tribe shaman when my master rejoined the Earth Spirit. One night I was haunted by a terrible dream. The Meru were attacked by slavers, and everyone was captured. When I awoke, I was unsure if the dream was a Night Omen or simply a nightmare of my own creation. I left my hut and looked to the skies, where I saw a fluttering bat glowing in a crimson light. I knew my dream was a true Omen, and woke my master. My master took my Omen to the chief, but he would hear none of it. He had long planned an attack against the Beastmen, and would not divert his attention, lest they slip away. He took his best warrior and myself (for my master was too old to travel) on the raid, where we crushed an encampment of Beastmen. When we returned, we found our home in ruin. The Crimson Slavers of Marg had come, just as I predicted. They had taken most of the village, including my parents and master. The chief blamed my master in order to save his position as chief, but I could not accept this. I fled the tribe in the night, that I may one day return. Now I wander, seeking those who would listen to the words of the Forest Gods, rather than shun them. The Helders Samuel and Cassandra were a highly skilled hunter and trapper team. They disappeared one winter while out hunting and their bodies were never found, leaving their only daughter, Alyxandra, behind. She was taken in by Mother Gram, who quickly put her to work. Originally, Alyx was the town’s unofficial delivery girl whenever someone needed one of Mother Gram’s treatments. One of those was Malik, a boy not much younger than her who was under the care of Father Dake and his acolyte Amatus. She would often deliver his medicine and then sit with him and talk. As she grew older, she began to chafe under Mother Gram and started to look elsewhere to live and work. She ended up following Branigan around for three days until he finally let her come on a hunt. After returning, the old dwarf told her that she had “her father’s eye and her mother’s memory” and allowed her to join future hunting parties. She eventually became one of his best tree mappers, a subset of the hunters who spend more time in the trees trying to keep tabs on the migration patterns of the forest's denizens than actually hunting. They also serve as forward scouts, though the need for that skillset hasn’t arisen in decades. It was here that she met Kevin, a lumberjack turned hunter. They get along well, trading barbs about him cutting trees and her being an orphan. Both of them understand what it means to not have a "real" family. Together, are one of the first pairs Branigan calls when he needs something done. There are three days in her life that she will never forget. The first is the day her parents vanished. The second is when she was 7 and playing hide and search with some of the other village children. Thinking she was very clever, she decided to hide in the abandoned temple. If everyone thought it was cursed, no one would ever look for her there. When she snuck in, it felt like there was a different energy inside. Old stone was completely overgrown with vines and other plant life. It felt like the forest itself was trying to claw back what had been taken from it. While hiding, she stumbled upon an old necklace with a bird’s skull on it. It wasn’t until much later that she discovered if she focused on it, she was able to cast magic. While the spells aren’t anything like what’s in Father Dake’s sermons, it made her feel special and she began learning as much about Koed, God of the Forest, as she could. The third day was when she was 17. A noble was passing through town during a festival and decided to spend the day in Corkirk. Alyx had just returned from a hunting trip and saw the young man lambasting the innkeep about the quality of his stew. She walked up to the noble, dropped her bloody kill onto his lap, and said that if he was going to complain about it, he might as well make his own meal. It was after this that she learned the man was a noble, but she didn’t back down and wondered out loud if he could cook, or if he had to order his servants to do everything for him. The noble stood up and drew a sword, and that’s when Alyx realized just how big a mistake she made. She sprinted out of town and hid in the forest for two weeks just to make sure the noble had left. Since then, she’s gotten better about choosing her words, but sometimes she still doesn’t think about who she’s talking to before saying what’s on her mind. While not a regular patron, she's known by face and by name at the tavern for its regular fight tournaments where she consistently makes it to the later rounds and has occasionally won against opponents much bigger and stronger than her. Chandris was the son of a whitesmith. Most of his father's work came from the local lord, though occasionally a wizard or fiend hunter would commission a ward or binding circle. Chandris was discovered to have some minor talent for magic when he accidentally melted a pewter ring he was helping with when he was 5. Thought to be more sorcerous in origin than wizardly, Chandris stayed with his family and tried to learn to work magic into his father's creations. When he was 11, his town was attacked and he was captured. A wizard among the captors noticed his talent and claimed rights to him. Claiming that she was trying to discover the Pathway of Magic, the wizard bound him in chains that suppressed his ability to call upon magic and ran experiments on Chandris for months while using him as a manservant. This finally culminated with the wizard strapping Chandris down within a binding circle and summoning a fiend, using Chandris' body as a medium. For a week, the wizard interrogated the fiend, until another captor made a mistake and bent the binding circle. When the wizard tried to question the fiend that night, it broke the circle and killed her. Using Chandris' body as a puppet, the fiend razed the whole encampment. As it was leaving, it stepped over a wagon wheel. Summoning as much power as he could, Chandris turned the wheel into an impromptu binding circle. Caught off guard, the fiend vanished from Chandris' mind and he passed out. He awoke among the dying embers of his prison to a small pup licking his face. Chandris now had ritual-looking sigils burned into his back and neck, but he couldn't hear the fiend. He gathered what he could and began traveling back to his home. On the third night he began to see the spirits. Some were victims of circumstance like him. Some were power-hungry and wicked. There were stable hands and kings, bandits and knights, court jesters and arch-mages. Either way, they had all fallen under or to the power of the fiend that had possessed Chandris. When he finally arrived to his home, it was filled with strangers. After the attack that had taken him away, another lord had taken residence in the castle. Overcome with grief, Chandris knelt in front of what had once been his family's home and screamed. He felt the sigils on his body heat and glow before fire exploded around him. As he looked through the flames, he saw villagers staring at him with fear and mistrust. Reacting, he fled the town before they could gather the courage to chase him. As he ran, he heard in the whispers of his mind the sound of a fiend chuckling. Knowing that whatever happened on that wagon wheel did not excise the fiend, Chandris has spent his life searching for a way to rid himself of this dark influence, occasionally seeking advice from the spirits of those already lost. hiss was hatched in the north, to a lizardfolk tribe that dwelled within a hidden valley located deep within the mountains of the dragonborn. He learned the ways of his people. How to hunt, track, and harvest from the carcasses of his kills. Most importantly, he learned the prayers and rituals that honor Hades the Red Sun, God of the dead Being a lizardfolk, he hibernates during the four months of deep winter, during which time the planet is being exchanged between the Yellow Sun of Apollo, and the Red Sun of Hades. After reaching adulthood, Thiss grew curious about the lands beyond the mountains, and made his way down into the prairies and grasslands of the Mammalian races. During his visit to a mammalian monastery, Thiss had a vision of a mace studded with dragon teeth... A wondrous vision especially considering that the dragons disappeared millennia ago. While staying at the monastery, Thiss also made a connection with a number of mammals: a Half-Triton female Bard with amnesia, a Centaur male Druid, two Aasimar Monks (one male, one female), a female Wood Elf Rogue, a particularly libidinous Wood Elf male Ranger, and another Druid of a species Thiss has never heard of or encountered before. During his first adventure with his new companions, Thiss proved himself a terrifying force of both melee and ranged combat. From the Half-Triton he learned that mammals conceal their bodies with something called "clothes". From the Aasimar female he also learned that mammals find the sight of harvesting material from the carcasses of the dead disturbing, even when the deceased belong to that most odious of creatures, the Ogres. Thiss is greatly intrigued by his vision of a dragontoothed mace, and wonders if he will have the privilege of finding it.Oog was a dimwitted half-orc who always admired magic-users and wanted to cast spells, but never had the affinity for it. He also had an irrational hatred for orphanages (not orphans, just the buildings that house them), but that's not important to the story. One day Oog came across a cleric of Nethys, the god of magic. He saw that this cleric was casting a spell from his hands and determined that magic must come from them. So he snuck up behind the cleric, killed him, and then severed his own hand to replace it with the cleric's. Nethys saw this and, finding it hilarious and a little endearing, decided to grant Oog's wish. The mind and soul of the cleric were trapped inside his own hand, which was fused to Oog's arm by divine magic. Speaking through what looked like the world's best ventriloquism and seeing through an eye that could manifest at will in the palm, Oog's companion (now named "Hand Friend") was now forever bonded with the half-orc. As of last night's gaming session, Oog was killed after being possessed by Baal and stabbed through the heart by an enchanted dagger that would free his soul from the demon lord's grip. Nethys, not wanting the fun to end just yet, has now inverted Oog and Hand Friend's relationship. Hand Friend, now known by his true name of "Han Fren" (Oog had misheard him) has his body restored except for his right hand, which is green and contains the soul of Oog. Slowly she stalked through the night, the high of her latest score reaching its peak. She was chasing the latest phantom image running though her minds eye, the phantom is that which only a drug induced state can bring. Before her, the phantom climbs a small hill and descends down the other side. She follows. Halfway up the hill a pain hits her hard. She looks down to see a bright translucent glow at her hips and on the hill that wasnt there moments ago. If only she wasnt on the verge of losing the phantom she so desperately wanted, she might have investigated this new feature on the world. She starts off again. Shortly after starting again the pain returns. This time, when the pain passed, an alarm sounds. She did a quick scan of the area, thinking that the phantom startled the stupid clergy again. What she found was a small creature having burrowed out of the hill covered in a rainbow florescent glow. It was this creature that was sounding the alarm. She couldnt have this, for the phantom would be gone and who knows who would come running to take her and toss her into the room where she would be denied her medicine. She digs a small hole in the hill and pushes this creature into it and covers the hole back up to muffle the sound. This task done, shes up and over the hill without a second thought. A few hours later she finally catches up to the phantom. Its right there in front of her. She lunges for it and tackles it into the water. The next morning shes found half a league from the village cold and lifeless, a smile spread across her face, she finally caught her phantom. A cleric is awakened in the middle of the night by the sounds of a crying child. He heads outside to follow the sounds curious to the cries, constantly wondering why a child would be crying outside his temple when the nearest dwelling with a newborn was clear on the other side of town. The cries draw him to the midden. There buried under human and animal waste was the smallest halfling he had ever seen in the whole of his life. Without a second thought he digs the newborn out and takes it inside to tend to it, this would be a long night. Its six years later, Shift, nicknamed so for his ability to get out of the way the older kids when they figured it was time to pick on him for the day, sits in the corner of the orphanage and watches as the blacksmith walks into the building looking for an heir to his smithy. He knows he stands no chance. Even at the age of six, Shift knows hes small even for his race so he doesnt even try to catch his eye. The blacksmith bends over and lifts into the air one of the infants, an ugly hairy primate with arms longer than the rest. Why will no one chose him for a new life? Shift is 10 now, the older boys are looking for him again. Looking for the nearest shadow, he ducks behind a table and slips from view. Out of sight from the others, Swift crawls between the legs of those eating or reading and makes it to the door at the other side of the room. Shift knows that there is only one way to avoid the beating today, thats the locked supply room behind the door he is now next to. Pulling out a small scrap of metal found a few years back by the smithy, Shifty lifts the pins to the lock and slips inside. Its been 15 years since Shift was found in a pile of shit, and yet he finds himself back in the same situation. Hes been caught sneaking into the general store again and now sits in front of the captain of the militia. Despite his age, Shift is given two options, join the militia scouts and put his size and skills to work while learning discipline , or be banished from the town, for the captain could no longer put up with his antics. He chose the militia. Wrex was born into a poor family. Growing up, he dreamt of becoming a Knight, to bring honor to his family’s name. When he came of age, he applied for a position with his town's local guard, looking to work his way up via merit and eventually become a knight in service of a powerful lord somewhere. Unfortunately, the other guards knew of his poor upbringing, and he was passed over time and again for promotion despite his reliability in battle. As knighthood was his goal, the first few times he was passed over, he was able to maintain a calm and noble outlook, believing that his time would come. After a couple years, he was by far the most talented fighter of his rank within the guard, and probably more talented than the majority of his superiors. After being passed over for promotion a final time, his resolve was broken. He stormed out of the guard barracks and sought a place where he would be rewarded solely on the merits of his battle skills. This search led him directly into Mercenary work with an outfit from a few towns over. Mercenary work suited him well, and with each successful mission, he earned more gold and more respect from his peers. Though deep down, he longed to still become a noble knight, his experiences led him to value pure merit and strength in battle above all else. Fighting tougher battles brought him more respect. So, he carried on with his mercenary work, always looking for tougher and tougher opponents. This combination of noble aspirations and challenge seeking has led Wrex to be drawn to impossibly heroic tasks of an epic nature. The tougher the task, the more excited he is to prove himself. His name is a reference to a funny story I once heard about a PC that thought the word "gazebo" was a type of monster instead of a type of outbuilding, and therefore tried to shoot the background scenery the DM was describing. Way I see it, anyone who can actually bag a gazebo on a hunt must be a damn good archer. Anyway, according to the texts, the boy that would become Gazebo was born to a family in a community of human refugees that settled down in a forest to rebuild their village after a war destroyed their old one. The humans didn't know that some extremely territorial centaurs called this forest home, however. When the road-weary humans refused the centaurs' orders to leave, the centaur Chief took a group of his warriors and burned the village to the ground. The only survivor was one human infant, who the centaurs later found bawling his head off in the ashes of what presumably used to be his family's cabin. No one had any idea how he lived through the fire. Luckily for the infant, not every centaur in the herd agreed with the Chief's bloody decision. The centaur couple that found him decided to raise him as well as they could, since they couldn't bring themselves to kill the boy or let him starve. Scholars believe their Chief allowed this because he believed the boy would function as something of a slave, or at the very least a trophy pet. As one might imagine, this boy grew up with a serious identity crisis. He was the only human in a herd of mostly contemptuous centaurs. Even the youngest centaur could outrun him and beat him easily in hand-to-hoof combat. He also lacked a name -- his adoptive parents, though well-meaning, referred to him as 'human' or 'child,' since they had no idea what his real name was. He spoke no Common, only Sylvan, and had never so much as seen another human being since infancy. When he asked his centaur parents why he was so spectacularly anatomically different from his peers, they told him he was rescued from his village by the centaurs after marauding orcs burned it down, because they were too ashamed to tell him the truth. Despite growing up in an alien and borderline hostile society, most contemporary accounts describe the boy adapting fairly well, and retained a happy-go-lucky personality throughout his youth despite a nagging feeling of isolation. The only field in which the boy could truly compete with the centaurs was archery. He had few friends, and therefore plenty of time to practice, but his skill was greater than mere rehearsal could explain. It was not uncommon for him to proudly present his bewildered father with the wings of a butterfly that the strange human had severed with a single arrow from his longbow. There came a time when the human was the best archer in the herd, and everyone knew it. Much to the Chief's chagrin, the boy knew it too, and though he didn't brag about it, he drew quiet comfort from this fact whenever the taunts of the other centaurs bit too deep. This centaur herd held an archery tournament roughly once a decade to decide who in the herd deserved the title of Gazebo, the best bowbeast in the herd. The time came when the boy, now a young man, was old enough to enter it. He won easily, even against the previous champion, the Chief. It was with an angry eye and a clenched fist that the Chief pronounced the previously nameless pariah the Gazebo. Gazebo might have lived out his life in that forest if it were not for the next wave of refugees. Like Gazebo's parents, these simple folk had settled in the out-of-the-way forest hoping to escape the wars that raged between humans outside. Gazebo stumbled across the village, full of strange beings shaped like himself and dressed in strange clothes, while he was out hunting. He was instantly fascinated with the village and its occupants, and resolved to approach them. The villagers were alarmed at first to see a wild-looking man seemingly pop out of the foliage on the edge of town with an ear-to-ear grin on his face and a massive composite longbow on his back. When they realized he was not hostile, they began teaching him Common, and in exchange Gazebo began teaching them hunting and archery techniques. The village hunts grew prosperous under his guidance. For months this mutual betterment continued. The villagers began to enjoy the company of the garrulous Gazebo, and Gazebo felt like he belonged somewhere for the first time in his life. Then, one cursed day, the villagers mentioned in passing what had happened to the last village that tried settling the forest. At first, Gazebo couldn't believe it. But he had to know for sure. He ran back to the centaur herd, intending to confront the Chief and find out if the villagers were correct in asserting that it was he who had razed the old village. When he arrived at the herd's camp, none of the centaurs would look him in the eye. Eventually, his adoptive parents informed him that the Chief had left for the new human village with a band of warriors some time ago. It is said that Gazebo ran through the forest faster than a centaur can gallop as he made his way back to his friends, but he was too late. He arrived to find the chief and his honor guard piling the corpses of the villagers together to burn them along with their houses. The Chief laughed as he saw Gazebo's anguish, and gestured to his fellows to put the human down. Before they could nock their arrows, however, the enraged archer bellowed a challenge to the Chief. Gazebo wanted to have a duel. Unable to back down in front of his fellow warriors, the Chief agreed. Both duelists drew bows and stood at opposite ends of the village's main dirt road. When the Chief's second-in-command gave the signal, both were to start firing. At the signal, Gazebo's hands moved faster than the Chief would have though possible. The human's first shot severed the Chief's bowstring before the centaur had time to so much as grab an arrow from his quiver. Terrified, the Chief tried to run, but even a galloping centaur can't outrun an arrow in flight. As the body of his parent's murderer cooled, the Gazebo knew that his life in the forest could not continue; it was a place of deceit and heartbreak for him now. Without a word, he walked away from the thunderstruck centaurs, out of the village, out of the forest, and onto the open road, looking to see if the wider world reflected the brutality he had found in his own small one. It did. Contessa Valeria Veloce, half-elf rogue from the Duchy of Tinue. She was raised happily, as a normal child born to her human father and Elven mother. Her father taught her the rudiments of the rogue arts, while her mother instructed her in etiquette, music and courtly manner. She loved the city and the people of the court, and spent the majority of her time either with her father on "assignments", or playing the lute with her mother for the pleasure of the Duke's ear. However, in her 18th year, while out on a day-trip, she returned to find the city of Tinue burning and destroyed. She found her father impaled in their home, and her mother beheaded. She saw the man who walked out, and charged him in a blind rage. He easily evaded and defeated her, leaving her to live broken and terrified. The last survivor of the Massacre of Tinue, Valeria's goals included perfecting the skills her father taught her and hunting the man who killed her family. She swore an oath to pursue this assassin and spill his blood ages. However, the last seven years of wandering have taught her of temperance and exasperation, as she has been unable to find so much as a shred of information about the black-cloaked killer. In the meantime, she has befriended the PCs of the party I'm playing with, as well as being granted lands and the title of Contessa by one of the Dragon-Kings. After the last events, in which her fledgling city was crushed by a hecatonkheire, she has decided to leave the life of adventuring, and instead turn her skill to governing and protecting her people. This is the character that is leaving. The other character is in a different game, I'm trying to emulate Ivan Isaacs from the manwha Priest. He is a grim gunslinger. The story of Ivan is rather tragic. In my version, he was born to a wealthy landowner in a frontier town, living a normal and happy childhood. In his 13th year, his parents were killed by a bandit break-in, leaving Ivan alone in the world. After a stint in an orphanage, he was adopted by Harold Isaacs, a farmer and plantation owner. Isaacs brought him up like a son, bringing him to love happily with his wife and daughter Emily. It was the last pleasant time in Ivan's life. As he grew, he realized that he was in love with Emily, and that she loved him. When Harold found out, he had Ivan sent to the seminary to enter the priesthood. Ivan became a dedicated expert on ancient language and the mystical culture of past generations. One day, he was called to the Monastery of St. Vertinez to aid in research. There, he was a party to a horrific and unsanctioned effort to open a mystical artifact, containing the trapped souls of an angel and a priest. The Abbot of St. Vertinez pushed Ivan to open it, believing that the angel carried a gospel of god, to transform mankind. As the artifact opened, the transformation of Ivan Isaacs began. The angel Temorazela was revealed to be a Fallen One, come to defile God's creation. The priest, through a combination of devilish magic and determination, had created the artifact to torture and contain the fallen angel, becoming a deity of rage in the process. Both were released upon the opening. At this point, the angel killed all in the room, leaving Ivan alone out of gratitude. However, it stole his memories and fled to exact torture on all he loved. The priest kept his silence, following Ivan's path. Now, Ivan fled homewards, to the Isaacs estate. Seeing Emily alone in the home, and the parents dead, he thought himself safe. Then the illusion was dropped. Temorazela had crafted it to tortured Ivan, revealing to him the form of Emily's corpse being savaged by the angel's minions. Ivan snapped, grabbing a scythe from the shed and attacking the undead minions. They tore him to pieces. Now the priest stepped forward. He offered Ivan a deal. Worship Belial (the priest) and serve his will in exacting revenge on the angel, and Belial would restore him, as well as gift him with the power to fight. Over a time lapse of years, Ivan hunted and slew the angel's minions, finally beheading and excising the angel itself. Now, he roams the world as an arbiter of justice, watching the Celestials for the merest slips. His mission is one, to tear down the heavens that gave birth to such a monster as Temorazela. Sanosuke was born on the far western isle of Sai Shima were he grew up under the tutelage of his father, an expert swordmage that followed the Way of the Storm. He was a child prodigy and rose quickly in the ranks of his order becoming a recognized master at the age of 18. This was the same year that he married his childhood sweetheart, a young woman named Kitai. The following year his wife died in the childbirth of his daughter. Heartbroken, Sanosuke never married again. Instead he focused his life to raising his daughter whom he trained as his father had trained him before. But Sanosuke was too harsh and demanding of her over the years. Little did he know that the more he pushed her training the further he pushed her away. Eventually at the age of 16 his daughter ran away leaving Sanosuke alone and hollow. For 7 years he searched. From city to town to wilderness he scoured the land, but to no avail. He never found any clues to his daughter's whereabouts. In a moment of despair Sanosuke hurled himself off a cliff into the sea. But he survived and was rescued by a crew of privateers dedicated to hunting pirates. They convinced Sanosuke to join them as they could use a man with his skills and he did for over a year. Eventually though Sanosuke became disatisfied with this life and longed to fill the hollowness in his heart with some purpose. He left his crew and began to wander. In his wanderings he attended a magic academy, joined a wandering circus, and dabbled with religion to try and fill that hole in his heart but he would always be left wanting. Now he still wanders looking for a great enlightenment or purpose in life and maybe.. just maybe his long lost daughter is still out there... Alatariel Fëfalas lived a privileged life among the clans of the sun elves of Evereska. Growing up within the Fëfalas family, Alatariel understood that his family was respected amongst the other nobles of Evereska. While not bothering themselves false honor and pride in their family heritage, the Fëfalas family have made their name through their shrewd business skills and ability to maintain the interests of the city hidden while dealing with outsiders. The family’s reputation also created a strict environment for the young elf. Throughout his early years, Alatariel was trained by his father, and head of the Fëfalas family, Orophis. Despite the magical tendencies of their fellow high elves, the Fëfalas family specializes in martial training rather than magical training. The training was grueling and tough, but not only did he persevere, he also went above and beyond the expectations of his teachers. He was soon chosen to be trained among the most elite of the elves. He began training in stealth, espionage, and sabotage and soon his days as a student were soon over as he exhausted all the teachings of his teachers. There was but two things in Alatariel’s rise to the top. His two sisters and Aegnor and Camthalion, always were two steps ahead of the young elf. He fostered no hate for his sisters but his ambition was never quenched living among the shadows of his two sisters. The rivalry among the Fëfalas siblings was not unknown within the family, and was even encouraged. One day, Alatariel sought counsel from his mother, Gwindor. She told him, “Dear son, if you no longer wish to live in the shadows, you only need to seek the light.” With his mother’s wisdom in mind, Alatariel set off to seek his own glory and to prove to the rest of his family that he deserved the name Fëfalas. PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION: High elf, blonde short hair, pale, blue eyes with golden flakes, 110 years old, 5’3, 110 lbs, pierced ears, and has necklace of his family which is of a novastar with asymmetrical rays and a blooming blue rose with a sapphire center in the middle of the star. Born in a brothel, son of a whore, fwizz was destined to die before he'd said his first words. After his mother died giving birth to him, he was left alone on her deathbed until the owner of the brothel decided it would be a due reward to the mother for so many years of service to care for the child and ensure he did not starve. His early life was filled with, what some might call, an under privileged upbringing. Where many children would be taught basic geography or maths, fwizz spoke to the women of the establishment and ran errands for Garreth (the owner). Fwizz may not have learned the subtleties of fine culture but he was privy to more information than one would think. His destiny to become a renown rogue came when he was a very young man holding a dagger in one hand. There was a scream from the other end of the dining room as one of the women leapt onto a table pointing hurriedly at a rat racing towards her. Without thinking fwizz launched himself off his chair and plunged the blade between the eyes of the rat. From that day forward Garreth gave fwizz money enough to train with a dagger and protect the whores on special assignments that may put them in danger. Through this means he quickly acquired a skill for pickpocketting the clients and short changing vendors. The charismatic rogue of Stormshead has always looked out for the little people, he feels that true power resides in the kings cook and the queens handmaiden than in the hands of the royalty themselves. While not always on the straight and narrow the rogue will always try to follow the teachings of the great "hooded robin" and ensure that the rich never rob from the poor. Born in a brothel, son of a whore, fwizz was destined to die before he'd said his first words. After his mother died giving birth to him, he was left alone on her deathbed until the owner of the brothel decided it would be a due reward to the mother for so many years of service to care for the child and ensure he did not starve. His early life was filled with, what some might call, an under privileged upbringing. Where many children would be taught basic geography or maths, fwizz spoke to the women of the establishment and ran errands for Garreth (the owner). Fwizz may not have learned the subtleties of fine culture but he was privy to more information than one would think. His destiny to become a renown rogue came when he was a very young man holding a dagger in one hand. There was a scream from the other end of the dining room as one of the women leapt onto a table pointing hurriedly at a rat racing towards her. Without thinking fwizz launched himself off his chair and plunged the blade between the eyes of the rat. From that day forward Garreth gave fwizz money enough to train with a dagger and protect the whores on special assignments that may put them in danger. Through this means he quickly acquired a skill for pickpocketting the clients and short changing vendors. The charismatic rogue of Stormshead has always looked out for the little people, he feels that true power resides in the kings cook and the queens handmaiden than in the hands of the royalty themselves. While not always on the straight and narrow the rogue will always try to follow the teachings of the great "hooded robin" and ensure that the rich never rob from the poor. Human rogue, Earth/Edion universe. Like all the PCs Olivia was a human from earth, in her senior year of highschool, when a strange book in the library led them into the world of Edion. The druid-centric world called for champions from a neighboring realm to help it defeat the demon plague called Wither. Olivia was a rebellious, callous girl with few friends and a great disdain for humanity in general. She befriended an awkward, socially inept druid named Delon who taught the group about Edion and helped them realize their purpose. Ever a rebel, when the rest of the group left to get reinforcements from the free druid towns (as a rising new church had begun outlawing druidism) she stayed behind with Delon to protect the physical embodiment of the druid goddess. She fell in love with the hapless man and after Wither's defeat she ran off to adventure with him. A young boy who is the cabin boy of The Maelstrom. Rex was originally in one of the church-run orphanages, but before he could be "fixed" by the church he ran away with his triplet siblings, joining a gang of other runaways. These children were affiliated with the crew of the Maelstrom, gathering info for them and aiding them when they came on a raid. At one point a church soldier killed Rex's animal companion, a quail named BeepBeep, and ate him. The captain of the pirates whipped and mutilated the soldier for the act. Rex looked up to the captain as almost a father figure, and when he came of a proper age he was allowed to join as cabin boy of The Maelstrom. Rex is still naive and playful, often playing pranks and going off on wild tangents, but his unwavering loyalty belongs to Captain Crane and The Maelstrom. As a child, Eekrits tribe was at war with local tribes constantly, the Forrest had turned into the site of many battles and ambushes, while also being the place where everyone's livelihoods came from. Eekrits parents raise him to learn the ways of the javelin, of the hunt, and of stealth. At the age of 12, he is tasked with the responsibility of infiltrating the local bullywug camp and to spy, after arivig to their camp he is nearly killed on sight but the tribes leader tells his guards to cease. Eekrit is then tasked to show his skills and usefulness to be accepted as a member. After completely outdoing all of the bullywug soldiers in target tests and spars, he is allowed to live and join the village. After a few months of information gathering, he decides to sneak from his camp, he returns to home, or where home once was. What's left is charred plants and blackened ground, his village had been burned down. Eekrit examined the area and finds bodies of his former family as well as bullywug corpses. They had done this. In anger, Eekrit went off to live on his own, realizing he couldn't take down all the bullywugs alone. After years of isolation, Eekrit had lived the life of a hunter, using the local fungi as ingredients to make deadly poisons, and killing many bullywug search parties using his powerful Voice Mimicry and accuracy. Eventually, strange humans show in Eekrits area of the woods. Seeing this Eekrit kills many before they flee, the next day, humans arrive in plate armor and plenty of weapons. These humans are city guards, after capturing Eekrit he is returned to their village where the elder determines that no penalty will be assigned due to the fact he was just defending his home, except that he couldn't return to the forests.
